i/me/myself lyrics
do-wap, daba do-wap, daba do-wap, daba do and a well-a, well-a
do-wap, daba do-wap, daba do-wap, daba do and a well-a, well-a
do-wap, daba do-wap, daba do-wap, daba do and a well-a, well-a (ahhh, sha-la-la-la-la-la-la-la)
do-wap, daba do-wap, daba do-wap, daba do and a well-a, well-a (ahhh, sha-la-la-la)

i’ve been feeling lightheaded since i lost enough weight to fit back in my skin
flower petals and feathers tether me to the ground (pound for pound)
take my tea with formaldehyde for my feminine side since the day that i died
while i whittle my bones until i’m brittle, am i pretty now?
for some reason i find myself lost in what you think of me
and too confused to choose who i should be
and now you’ve got me thinking
i wish i could be a girl, and that way you’d wish i could be your girlfriend, boyfriend
am i pretty enough to lie to? (oh-ah-oh)
i wish i could be a girl, and that way you’d wish i could be your girlfriend, boyfriend
just little old me in a big, big world (oh-ah-oh)
ah, little old me in a big world
ah, i wish i were a girl

i’ve been feeling lighthearted since i gained enough weight back to cover-cover-cover my bones
i get dressed up in shadows one leg at a time (we’re so alike)
but if the shoe fits, then i won’t try it on
you’ll be walking out early, but the show must go on
no, i know that i’m wrong
but i love how you’re on my side when i cross that line
it’s been a point of contention between myself and this body that they stuck me in
the privilege of being born to be a man
and now you got me thinking

i wish i could be a girl, and that way you’d wish i could be your girlfriend, boyfriend
am i pretty enough to lie to? (oh-ah-oh)
i wish i could be a girl, and that way you’d wish i could be your girlfriend, boyfriend
just little old me in a big, big world (oh-ah-oh)
ah, little old me in a big world
ah, i wish
eating your prosthetic meat/meet your anesthetic criteria, pathetic seeing you be/become copacetic/acetic
say my name like a slur, but i’ve been called worse
and i’ve heard it all before, no this isn’t a first
let me be the void you fill with taxidermy fingerprints, taxonomize our differences
i am quantum physics, my witness brings me into existence

i wish i could be a girl, and that way you’d wish i could be your girlfriend, boyfriend
am i pretty enough to love back?
no, not yet
i wish i could be a girl, and really i’d prefer it if you would use i/me/myself
am i pretty enough?
am i pretty enough to fucking die?
ah, little old me in a big world
ah, well i would give you my whole world
oh, little old me in a big world
ah, i wish

all identities are equally invalid
don’t you think that there’s a chance that you could live without it?
all identities are equally invalid
don’t you think that there’s a chance that you could live without it?
all identities are equally invalid
don’t you think that there’s a chance that you could live without it?all identities are equally invalid
don’t you think that there’s a chance that you-25embed

suburbia overture: greetings from mary bell township! / (vampire) culture / love me, normally lyrics

do-wop, ba
do-wop, ba
do-wop, ba
do, ba-ba-ba
do-wop, ba
do-wop, ba
do-wop
baaa...
good morning!
white picket fences
barbed wire and trenches
trick or treat, merry christmas
howdy neighbor, thank you jesus
oh, what is he building in that painted lady?
a participation trophy wife or blonde, blue-eyed baby?
wide-eyed and wired, the snap-crackle-pop of the geiger
camouflage billboards for lead-lined brooks brothers
you elbow the jukebox and sing “duck and cover"
and breed out our incisors, feed on white wine and pfizer
it don’t look like survival, b-but buy now or die

suburbia
you’re not alone
the lights are on
but no one’s home
so, welcome home

myers-briggs, okultra
takes a village to fake a whole culture
your ear to the playground, your eye on the ball
your head in the gutter, your brains on the wall
oh well
home is where the heart is
you ain’t homeless, but you’re heartless
it’s the safest on the market
but you still gotta watch where you park it
so give me your half-life crisis
i can tell that you know where paradise is
where parasites don’t care what your blood type is
only pheromones and serotonin decide
if it's true that a snowflake only matters in a blizzard
everyone knows that nobody knows that
everybody’s all up in my, everybody’s all up in my
everybody’s all up in my business

suburbia
where you belong
the lights are on
but no one’s home
so, welcome home

ch-ch-chameleon peacocks are talk of the town
well, word gets around on hit number stations
he cums radiation
the dog bites the postman while basement eyes dream
of a night at the drive-in with an ar-15

i dropped my eyeballs in the bonfire, we fucked on a bed of nails
i caught kuru from your sister and died laughing in jail
smell those screaming teenage sweetbreads on the 4th of july grill
smile and wave, boys, kiss the cook, live laugh and love, please pass the pills

it’s only culture, it’s only culture
it’s only culture, sulfur, smoke, and soot
you learned to torture house cats like vultures
you cocked and sucked your lack of empathy, pulled the trigger with your foot to prove you’ve got

blood, didn’t they want your blood?
so why apologize for being blue and cold?
blood, didn’t they want your blood?
so don’t apologize for being blue and cold

it’s only culture, it’s only culture
it’s only ah, ah, ah, ah
culture’s not your friend
hey, fuck your culture, i ain’t got no culture
it’s only culture, and it's more afraid of you than you are of it
go on, drink that
blood, didn’t they want your blood?
so why apologize when you turn blue and cold?
blood, didn’t they want your blood?
so don’t apologize for being blue and cold

were you nabokov to a salinger?
jung to freud or dass to a leary?
were you mother, daughter, subject, and author?
you don’t make the rules, you just write them down and do it by the book you throw around

do you know the difference between blazing trails and slash-and-burn?
going against the grain and catching splinters?
you pull out your rorschach like a paint-by-numbers treasure map
the ink upon your jigsaw piece trace you back to your fingerprints
well lot he had his lot in life, job his job and i guess you'll too, will die
the lord looked down, said, “hey, you’re only mortal”
giveth and taketh away ‘til things come out a certain way
leave you wondering when they might go back to normal
leave you wondering why they can’t have just been normal16embed

blackboxwarrior - okultra lyrics
well, he collapsed with stevens-johnson syndrome on the e.r. floor
panic attacked, anaphylactic and ataxic
the way he spun his butterfly risked all six his phalanges
roman candles at both ends in his synapses
and the method with which he recycled his humors
trojan horse’d his blood-brain barrier and raised the ld-50, yes, yes
and through flight-or-fight revelation shame, the black box warrior
he skipped this town and headed straight down history

shields himself from reason in a kevlar baby-blue tuxedo
quilted from the finest fibers, flesh, and fiberglass, and flowers
his ego a mosquito, evil incarnate/good incognito
pops placebos for libido, screaming “bless the torpedoes”
for what? for what? for what it’s worth
if it was going to kill you, boy, it would have by now
for what? for what? for what it’s worth
there’s no more looking back, it’s looking up or looking down

well, he was wearing stolen rubber shoes and wrapped a poison ivy noose
around his lotus jugular when they came
well they found him with a map to every victim of his love
and a tattoo of a blue jay on his face
and they waited for his vital signs to lie and let a flat line cry
a hymn out in hungarian harmonic
but he cocked his noggin, through his stoma sang, “for auld lang syne
happy birthday to the succulents, i’ll die your hydroponics”

his rib cage was a hornet’s nest, palpitations set the beat
his vagus nerve a turk’s head knot, an axel hitch, a carrick bend
he wondered if christ-consciousness would charge a cancellation fee
auf wiedersehn, au revoir, he gripped his wits right by their ends

for what? for what? for what it’s worth
if it was going to kill you, boy, it would have by now
for what? for what? for what it’s worth
there’s no more looking back, it’s looking up or looking down
hello, welcome. why don’t you take a seat? get comfortable, relax, take a second if you need to. now what’s bothering you? well, why don’t we start at the beginning?
growing up, how was your relationship with the fundamentals of conscious existence? did you have xenon orchid sinews spilling down the outer center of your blooming escher/mandelbrot head? and how about claustrophilic tendrils clapping caskets closed on seven-knuckle thumbs, did you get along well with the gideon bugler pineal glands, your projector eyes casting sci-fi’s on your str’d strands? tell me about your nerve to steal nerves of steel from under bacchus’ bloody nose. did namibian himbas tie-dye you, your ears pierced with a phineas gage flagpole, did you die before your day?
thursday traction, tuesday titration. my hope is to assess through my objective report of your subjective conjecture whether this proprietary blend of expertise and seasoning works as well as this transorbital ice pick
holistic ballistics, you got a better idea? it’s about the best we could come up with. what, you think ideas spread because they’re good? no, they spread because people like them. so here we are once again. holding, as it were, a mirror up to your mirror
i guess it’s just something people do

a bloody knife to split your infrastructure, wine to rev your motor function
coital machinations of the dead
well you mainline your animus, karate chop your abacus
and learn to be an animal instead
but i never did think you better than this, your modus operandi
causes nazi/skoptzyism and suicide
why to thine own self be true when it is you who are the problem
not the things you do but something sick inside
lithium and dialectics, boy you really is defective
cbt don’t seem effective for that cluster b, accept it
offer up your innocence, please ignore the side effects
you’ve lost your mind and almost lost your life before, so you’ll be fine

for what? for what? for what it’s worth
if it was going to kill you, boy, it would have by now
for what? for what? for what it’s worth
there’s no more looking back
and why would you want to look back?
i mean, it's no good looking back
so try to look forward now
for what? for what? for what it’s worth
if they were gonna get you, boy, they would have by now
for what? for what? for what it’s worth
there’s no more looking back, it’s looking up or looking down17embed

2econd-2ight-2eer (that was fun, goodbye.) lyrics
my grip on my secrets slipping while i’m speaking in tongues
screaming at the top of my lungs in the confession booth
take it with a pillar of salt, h.a.l.t., it’s not my fault
the devil made me do it, but i also kinda wanted to
i’m cut from a different kind of meat
more than you can chew, hard to swallow me
forget bored stiff, i got rigor mortis, call it morbid curiosity
how can i commit to reality, when my third eye’s open and i like what i see?
baby, i may be crazy but i didn’t lose it, no i set it free
i can’t ignore what’s under dance floorboards, the rhythm of my heart a dead-as-disco beat
but i still move my feet
to slip out of this groove, i’m free
now to row, row, row my boat over the falls
and maybe wake up from but a dream, yeah

i’m just a psycho, babe
come and go out my mind
i didn’t lose it babe
there wasn’t much to find
i’m just a psycho, babe
come and go out my mind
i’m only passing through
oh, oh, o-o-oh

if you knew what i knew, if you saw what i see
you’d look through illusions, hallucinations, and lucid dream
and i know that meaning can be such a pretty thing to keep
but i got facts and i’m not afraid to use ‘em, take the good with the bad, take off the back you make a new front
some days i'm glad that i am a madman and i’d rather be that than
an amicable animal, mild-mannered cannibal
but i’m more level-headed and clever than ever and i’m getting better one forever at a time
and if sick is defined by what’s different, well then pull the plug out and let me die
vice-versa, vice versus virtue
well who i am i choose through all the things i do
and if it rhymes, it’s true, but i hate poetry
now with my moral compass pointing south, i'm going down
with no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no respect for reality

i’m just a psycho, babe
come and go out my mind
i didn’t lose it babe
there wasn’t much to find
i’m just a psycho, babe
come and go out my mind
i’m only passing through
oh, oh, o-o-oh


i’m just a psycho, babe
come and go out my mind
i didn’t lose it babe
there wasn’t much to find
i’m just a psycho, babe
come and go out my mind
a tourist passing through
well that was fun, goodbye21embed

marsha, thankk you for the dialectics, but i need you to leave lyricsthey could prescribe you any illness you’d like if you define the terms of your ailments
you could sing a pretty malady like a black canary, but a crow don’t know the smell of carbon monoxide
how many years have you been on that couch?
they could’ve quilt’d you in the throws by now
you draw a line in the sand where it ends and you begin
but the tide rolls in, so who knows? oh well
and a little identity never hurt nobody, but lately you’ve been focusing too much on yourself
so how many milligrams of you are still left in there?
'cause back in my day we didn’t need no feel-good pills and no psychiatrists
no, we just drank ourselves to death
and god damn it, we liked it
who makes the call?
what’s a symptom, what’s a flaw, can it be both?
well i suppose that’s an answer
would you give up your humanity for just a touch of sanity?
'cause god knows it’s not like it’s cancer
and good news to the purists: they’ve discovered a cure for the symptoms of being alive
it’s a painless procedure with a low rate of failure
but very few patients survive
and a little conformity never hurt nobody, but lately i’ve been worried that you’re losing yourself
so how many milligrams of you are still left in there?
'cause back in my day we didn’t need no feel-good pills and no psychiatrists
no, we just bled out in our baths
and god damn it, we liked it
doctor, what’s my prognosis if the studies show that
disease is in the eye of the beholder?
tell me “so it goes”
we depress to impress, i guess, in layer after layer to get off our chests
it’s cold out now, we can take it off later
better safe than sorry, and we both know the danger
so doctor, could you run another test?
got a feeling that this time i might just pass it
well, if you raise the average
we’ll all sing when the bell curve rings in lyrics symptomatic of the way we think
if our harmonies don’t sync, we can change our voices
a chorus on condition of our diagnosis
back in my day we didn’t need no feel-good pills and no psychiatrists
what can i say, except don’t heed no evil wills of moral nihilists
i said “back in the days of lobotomies and shock therapy and mad scientists
oh, don’t you make me waste my breath
god damn it!"
ain’t your you-dentity at stake?
does aspirin kill you with the pain?
you’re not your thoughts, you’re not your brain, you’re just the character you’ve made
up in your head, down in your heart, what seem like separate body parts
come together to believe they’re you, and not just chemistry
it’s not the way that you were raised, or what the advertisements say
not what you pay for, what you pray for, what you want, or what you say
and i see your tendency to redefine disease by what you need
and i’m afraid i can’t prescribe the diagnosis that you seek
and something tells me that you need, forgive me now if i misspeak
but something tells me that you like, and something tells me
you prefer to be sitting there flipping through those old issues of people
well that’s our time, see you next week8embed

laplace’s angel (hurt people? hurt people!) lyrics
have you ever died in a nightmare?
woke up surprised you hadn’t earned your fate?
have you ever felt like atlas, threw your back out on the axis
and collapsed and threw the planet away?
everyone’s just blood in an ice tray
a vampire picking flowers out in the sun
run your diagnostic tests, its posited nobody dies agnostic
but we still dial 9-1-1
now we’re singing
ooh, could you take a look at me?
(it’s the norm for animals, it’s the norm for chemicals)
am i bad, am i bad, am i bad, am i really that bad?
(it’s the norm for particles, eye for eye for tooth)
and now we're singing
ooh, whatever you think of me
(it’s the norm for chemicals, it’s the norm for particles)
if you were in my shoes, you’d walk the same damn miles i do
(yes, it’s only natural)

we’re only tuning to the tone of the bell curve now
ask not for whom it tolls
but with my head up in the clouds, i can see so much ground
and from up here you look like ants in a row
it doesn’t take a killer to murder
it only takes a reason to kill
we’ve all got evidence of innocence, it’s "everything’s coincidence"
the difference twixt fate and free will
is whether you’re singing

ooh, could you take a look at me?
(it’s the norm for animals, it’s the norm for chemicals)
am i bad, am i bad, am i bad, am i really that bad?
(it’s the norm for particles, i for i for tooth)
ooh, whatever you think of me
(it’s the norm for chemicals, it’s the norm for particles)
if you were in my shoes, you’d walk the same damn miles i do
(yes, it’s only natural)
somebody help me! woo!

so if you wash your hands of where you’ve been until you flood the second floor
neatly fold your skeletons but still can’t shut the closet door
the only ones in need of love are those who don’t receive enough
so evil ones should get a little more

you, could you take a look at me?
(you could break an angel’s fall, and ignore the devil’s call)
am i bad, am i bad, am i bad, am i really that bad?
(still forsaken shoulders fall silent now)
now we're singing
ooh, whatever you think of me
(it’s no more than cultural, you and me inseparable.)
if the shoe fits would you walk that mile? you could put it on the other foot, it’s the same size
(it’s a small hell after all.)

you, could you take a look at me?
(man no more than animal is made of moral chemicals)
am i bad, am i bad, am i bad, am i really that bad?
(any form mechanical, thank you god)
ooh, whatever you think of me
(from the hordes of cannibals, to psych wards of hospitals)
if you were in my shoes, you’d see i wear the same size as you
(it’s a small world after all)
oh oh right!
la la la la la la la la, la la la14embed

...well, better than the alternative. lyrics
pink lemonade on autumn bomber coats
peter pan collars, but my daughter’s growing up
she’s gonna be a lot like me
but i don’t wanna be at all like me
oh, yellow buzz-cuts, pulling out stingers
you’re telling me i’m holding up eleven fingers
and stranger things than death can happen
to lab rat girls and pretty white rabbits

but everybody knows that, nobody knows that
everybody’s in on everybody’s business
this isn’t my first christmas
i know mistletoe when i see it
baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
and when we find out what’s wrong with me
could you tell me how i’m right for you?
baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
and when we find out what’s wrong with me
could you tell me how, could you tell me how and if i’m still pretty?

cigarette burns, laugh lines, wide dimples
if they could see the future back when times were simple
would they kiss your cheek or yank the bandage off
let you speak or take advantage of how
if everyone’s sick, well then, nobody can catch it
and if everybody’s different, how could anybody match?
and we’re looking through the pockets of the hand-me-downs we laid out
wondering if we’ll fit into the yesterdays we played out

everybody knows that, nobody knows that
everybody’s all up in my god damn business
this isn’t my first kiss, its better to be lost than loved, now, isn’t it?

baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
and when we find out what’s wrong with me
could you tell me how i’m right for you?
baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
and when we find out what’s wrong with me
could you tell me how, could you tell me how and if i’m still pretty?
(you can stop growing up, but you can't grow down
either way you're gonna wonder 'til you're done and underground
you can stop growing up, but you can't grow down
either way you're gonna wonder 'til you're done and underground)

walking bikes home with a scraped-knee, sunset smudged across your brow
warmer tears than you’ve grown used to since then
a toast to the nosebleed seats and the big dream sequence where you’re found
guilty of your innocence and gently sent right back to bed
everybody knows that, nobody knows that
everybody’s all up in my motherfucking business
this isn’t my first anything
this isn’t my first anything
everybody knows that, nobody knows that
everybody’s in on everybody’s business
this isn’t my first lyric
i know exactly how i should finish it

baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
and when we find out what’s wrong with me
could you tell me how i’m right for you?
baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
after all of that's been done to me, could you tell me how, could you tell me how, could you tell me
what’s so wrong about what’s wrong with me?
i’m just trying to do what’s right by you
what’s so wrong about what’s wrong with me?
oh, i’m just trying to do what’s right by you
baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
after all of that's been done with me
could you tell me how, could you tell me how
could you tell me how?4embed

love, me normally lyrics
in lipstick on the mirror are the lyrics to my obituary
in iambic pentameter, followed parameter, cross my eyes, dot my t's
i was delivered holding scissors, i live deliberately, i’m a quitter
and a winner anyway, cause i never agreed to participate in this game
won't follow my dreams, 'cause they all got me waking up screaming
i can’t let them go for me, after all, there is no “i” in team

and i'd rather be normal, yes, so normal
i suggest that we keep this informal
'cause a normal human being wouldn't need
to pretend to be normal, to be normal
well i guess that's the least that i owe ya
to be normal in a way i couldn’t be
c’mon, c’mon, and love me normally
if i could live in third person, well, i don’t think life would be much worse than it is
in the current tense, presently, this sentence ending in question marks or dot, dot, dot
is it courageous or escapist to leave the quarantine when you’re contagious?
it may just be a cold, and besides i don’t wanna get old, yeah
i drank myself to death to be the afterlife of the party
when the afterparty came, i was rolling in my grave

and i'd rather be normal, yes, so normal
i suggest that we keep this informal
'cause a normal human being wouldn't need
to pretend to be normal, to be normal
well i guess that's the least that i owe ya
to be normal in a way i couldn’t be
c’mon, c’mon, and love me normally

now this is the part of the song where i like to talk to my audience
i like to tell 'em there's something i want from you hep cats tonight
i want you to look to your left, look to your right, your 12 o'clock, three o'clock, six o'clock, nine o'clock, rock around the clock tonight
and i want you to find those points of no return, those singularities, those burning rings of fire in the beautiful pupils and the beautiful eyes of the beautiful boy, girl, neither, both, or in-between that you brought with you tonight, and i want you to tell 'em how you really feel
i want you to love the way they so seamlessly, like a dream for me, so beautifully, oh-so-dutifully jam that square peg in the round hole in their hearts
i want you to tell 'em that you love the way that they don't stick out like sore middle fingers
that they crawl their way up the side of the bell curve, stick their flag in the peak, and slide their way back down
i want you to tell them that you love the way that they're not maladaptive, not malcontent, not malignant or maleficent, but rather that you love them exactly the way that everybody else is
i was nothing before, so i couldn’t have asked to be born
i'll be nothing again, so what am i between now and then?
is there nothing to fear? cause shit's getting weird
so to god who made this man, you better have one hell of a plan

and i'd rather be normal, yes, so normal
i suggest that we keep this informal
'cause a normal human being wouldn't need, no
to pretend to be normal, to be normal
well, i guess that's the least that i owe ya
to be normal in a way i could never be
c’mon, c’mon, yeah, i said c’mon, yeah
c’mon, c’mon, yeah, i said c’mon, yeah
c’mon, c’mon, and love me normally
c'mon, c'mon and love me normally5embed

outliars and hyppocrates: a fun fact about apples lyrics
did you know that the hole in the apple didn't come from the outside in?
it was eaten from the core and out to the skin, and that’s why you'll never find the worm in it
but a few bad ones won't spoil the eyes if they fall far enough from the tree
the rind is all you see, leave eden with my seeds in your stomach

well, this disease is defined by its treatment, you people make me sick
parlance of imbalanced cambia’s been challenged, at best astrazeneca's just theoretical
prints of your fingers in the rorschach jigsaw, say you saw a treasure map
straight-jacket and tie, psychiatric supply, while we tragically try to fit into a trap, but
who'd want to be human anyway? (ay ay ay ay)
who pilots all these crude machines?
why'd you come into this world or come out that way?
like freaks of nurture, well isn't it funny?
(well, not "ha-ha" funny, but y'know, funny)

'cause i doubt that you would even if you could change
you think it makes you special, but it makes you strange
i doubt that you would even if you could change
the things that make you special are the things that make you strange

i am the shadows cast aside by gallows, and you the red-hot sky
and if you're believers, then why would you grieve for the dead instead of a devil that you never prayed for?
you become immune to my toxic fumes, my dose-dependent presence in your life
it’s all subjective, all due respect to the collective mind, but

too weird to love, too scared to die (ay ay ay ay)
too alien to take you home
horrified at the sight of my reflection in your eyes
i don’t belong there
well, it's your conclusions that make mine delusions, so i make you sane
you can thank me later
i doubt that you would even if you could change
you think it makes you special, but it makes you strange
i doubt that you would even if you could change
the things that make you special are the things that make you strange

who’d want to belong to anyone? (ay ay ay ay)
i mean, what do people even do?
so if you love me, let me let you go, my love (ay ay ay ay)
so i can be no one
when chuang-tzu awoke he sat up
almost choking, spat out a butterfly and said, “five more minutes, please? you wouldn't believe the dream i just had. i mean you were there, and you were there, and you, and you, and you were there"

'cause i doubt that you would even if you could change
you think it makes you special, but it makes you strange
i doubt that you would even if you could change
the things that make you special are the things that make you—

i doubt that you would even if you could change
you think it makes you special, but it makes you strange
i doubt that you would even if you could change
the things that make you special are the things that make you strange3embed

the most important thing in the world (memento mori) lyricsone day you'll look up at the ceiling above, if you’re lucky you'll be surrounded by the ones that you love, when
the lights in your eyes fade and life flashes by
one day you're going to die
one day you’ll sleep and you'll never wake again
heaven, hell, nirvana, nothing, no one knows how it ends
rest in peace or pieces and won't even know why
one day you're going to die
read your horoscopes, your palms and tarot cards
but either way you destination ain't very far
you could drown, or choke, or burn, or be hit by a car
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger, but something will eventually
one day you'll look back at the life that you lead
no more future left to fear that you'll have the past to regret
but your worries will be over if you truly realize
one day you’re going to die
take it away, hands
in the fabric of time and in the vastness of space, a billion amounts to nothing in infinity’s face
at most a couple generations will remember the ways in which your life never mattered, so who cares if it's a waste?
well, one day you’ll be not even a faint memory
no, at most a ghost or falling leaf from your family tree
your legacy's not yours to see, nor is your eulogy
and you'll never know what it all means
but you'll be at peace before you sleep if you just keep this in mind:
that everything and everyone goes with the passage of time
so whether it’s cancer, murder, or suicide
one day you're going to die
no need to fear 'cause when it's here you won't be alive
try not to think about it
one day you're doing to die
and there's probably nothing after
one day you're going to die
so if you only have one chance you oughta try your best to live as you like
one day you're going to die13embed

tomcat disposables lyrics
i have mapped the cupboards and drawers
tracked the least walked spots on the floor
happy to be home safe and warm
as shadows by their feet
the odd vanishing treat
quietly eating while they sleep
so here's where i'll be raising my kids
if i can find someone to start a family with
'till then, i’ll dream of the day my odds and ends fit
i'll wake up, there'll be food on the stove
forever and never want for more
is therе cheese in the great bеyond?
rinds of parmesan
wine to water, night from dawn
life gets shorter, teeth grow long
mind me not and i’ll mind my own and my mind’s
not one bite smaller or lesser than yours
do i belong in right and wrong?
nature, i guess

one night, one flung light through this place
so i run for cover, over under, left the rind out on the plate
little heart racing and praying, “something keep me safe”
i think it saw my face
okay, one hungry day is nothing come what may
but then winter came inside for three nights
left me grinding my teeth between my walls and gripping my dreams tight
curled up, kept my head up, and put up the fight
i’ll make it through again
i have before
c’mon, now, what’s one more?

is there cheese in the great beyond?
rinds of parmesan
wine to water, night from dawn
life gets shorter, teeth grow long
mind me not and i’ll mind my own and my mind’s
not one bite smaller or lesser than yours
do i belong in right and wrong?
nature, i guess
spring bloomed in the kitchen again
so i crawled out of the wall and squinting
saw hope on the stovetop
just like i’d always imagined it
more than i could eat
my dreams were finally reality
my struggles had a happy ending
they must want to be friends
my stomach starts to turn
with thirst, why does it hurt?
my just dessert is served, dig in

so i stumble back to bed
something’s not quite right
guess i’ll just go rest my head
now as i lay me down to sleep
i expect no dreams
and no sweet goodbye to me
flatline in the morning light
i held on so tight
for so long, it’s just not right
let a sigh out as i close my eyes
was that all there was to this?
what’s for the best?
is there cheese in the great beyond?
what’s the moon made of?
meet me there after i’m gone
life gets shorter, teeth grow long
mind me not and i’ll mind my own and my mind
held the same light as the one in your eyes
do i belong in right and wrong?
one dies alone? and why? don’t know
goodbye, so long
to mice in homes
nature, i guess
nature, i guess
nature, i guess10embed

your body, my temple lyrics
amen! i am only a man
howlin' at your face in the moon
hot damn! but no holy man
kneelin' in the stained glass tomb
as all hell breaks loose, as all hells always do
aw, what the hell can i do to have a little more heaven with you?
hot damn! you are a part of my plan
cataclysmic catechism, catch 22

your body, my temple, baby
your body, my temple
so when the cattle fall dead and the waters run red
i'll be your lamb's blood on the wall
god isn't dead, but that’s exactly what i’ve been dreading
after all the meek inherited fuck all
jesus christ, i will die for my own damn sins
if you help thosе who help themselvеs
my superstitions, your visage, my visions
furthering the fever of your fervor for believing, i will

your body, my temple, baby
your body, my temple

i’ll be your blessing in disguise, whip the mask off my good side
i’m all stripped down naked now for you, but still asking you to loosen up my buttons, baby
you’ve got my whole world in your hands, got this little blue spot
and you really ain't got no idea how much of this orbits you, now do ya, honey?
please relieve me of my dreaming, i’m kneeling, begging, pleading
for my savory-sweet release of death
oh, i wanna die, i wanna die, i wanna die, i wanna die, i wanna die, i wanna die, i wanna die
so i can taste your name on my final breath

your body, my temple, baby
your body, my temple
am i supposed to call this flagellation?
trade confessions for questions, just us second guessing, i guess
now am i missing the message? its essence
goes over my head like a halo
like a halo, like a halo!

the wine in my veins fermenting my brain
my body, my bread, it's all gon' rise again
so be my golden calf like a fresh cut of veal
after all, we’re both dead meat
my forbidden honeydew, honey, do you need a hot meal?
just save me half, yeah i could eat

your body, my temple, baby
your body, my temple, baby
your body, my temple, baby
your body, my temple...
baby!9embed

cicada days lyrics
the greener grass grows where the wildfires fertilize
with ashes of sparrows, peppered moths, & butterflies
ghosts of trees and termites bloom in the beanstalk
and if you get lightheaded when standing too fast
is it from shaking out the weight of phosphenes and pasts
salt deposits on warm little rivers that burst from our words

and god knows crying ain't gonna change a thing
she said take care, but i take more than i bring
she said "it just feels inhumane to lose this much."
'cause when you leave you know you takе more than your love
just one week of cicada days, wе're losing touch
and i know it just feels inhumane to lose this much

our nerves were braided under ceiling stars
that were all glow in the dark, hanging over queen-sized
purple waves of ancient chemicals just whisper
did you ever build with those endangered bones?
well, the ground looks soft enough to bury this now
oh, please, oh no!

and then my sponsor said "do nothing. nothing works."
and then my doctor said "don't do that if it hurts."

she said "it just feels inhumane to lose this much
'cause when you leave you know you take more than your love."
the seasons of cicada days, we can't make up
and i know it just feels inhumane to lose this much

let all my red flags fade to white, yeah, i give up
don't let me leave, i'll only take more than i gave
okay, i'll pack my stuff
here at the end of days, my god, what have i done?
christ, now it feels damn inhumane to get all i've dreamed of
keep coming back, it works if you work it
so work it, you're worth it, it won't if you don't
one day at a time, tomorrow's too late, amen8embed

sex, drugs, rock ‘n’ roll lyrics
this is a desk job, a data entry five to niner
yeah, i guess i’m my own boss, but everyone’s my supervisor
tell me, what kind of living legend would only want a living wage?
because i just turned 27 and i’m dying of old age
guess i’m just selfish, i wanna have but not be had
and i think, “can i sell this? the rainfall’s a windfall, the fourth wall a paywall” whenever things get bad

so this is what i choose to do with my redeeming quality
that thing that came from the same place as my instability
it’s not a gift if you pay for it, but i don’t want no charity
i spent all my years to end up right here, and now i really think i’d rather leave 'cause
i hate sex, i hate drugs, and i hate rock n’ roll
and i hate music and my lack of self-control
i hate sex, i hate drugs, and i hate rock n’ roll
and i hate proving that i’m still human after all

it’s the death of the author, you read between white chalk outlines
well if the pen’s that much stronger, then call this hare kari as i kamikaze to my career suicide
i hate these easter bunny encores, 2 and 4 beat claps
stockade stages, applause and praise and trying to chuck tomatoes back

newsfeeds, groupies, critics, analytics
and starry-eyed stalkers who demand a man in lipstick
and a role model psycho but an echo in their chamber
martyr to their dollar but a baby in a manger
effigy on the alter: the parish they brandish their torches and sway to this love song
screaming “virginia, walk on my water!” their apocryphal daughters with nerf armor and ars
who want me caught with red hands, cut my wrists and make me put white gloves on

so go ahead sure, drink my kool-aid, it wouldn’t mix well with my meds
but there’s demand and a market for my brand scars, and i can’t treat the trademarks in my head
i hate to be “that guy,” but i’m not that guy anymore, and i made goddamn sure he’s dead
and i would dance on his grave, but the music that i play seems to say “take me instead,” so
i hate sex, i hate drugs, and i hate rock n’ roll
and i hate music and my lack of self-control
i hate sex, i hate drugs, and i hate rock n’ roll
and i hate music, and i hate you kids
and i hate putting up fourth walls
and i hate proving that i’m still human after all
i hate proving that i’m still human6embed

yes, to err is human, so don’t be one. (song) lyrics
i could drink your blood if you let me, baby
hang from your rafters, patchwork and paisley
i could suck you dry on the rocks with a twist
but just like a vampire, i don't exist

walkie-talkie static, white noise telepath
can you read between the morse code lines?
dead from the neck up, but living just enough
to beg you, "pretty boy, please, let me die"
well, i could drink your blood if you let me, baby
drain you of your love until you hate me

mm, i could take your life, if you're done with it, sweetheart
you still picking at that? only ate the good parts
hey, whatever works, i'm a cheap date (check, please!)
falling off the bone, i'm awful-glad we met

we only ever notice what's in front of us
read over my shoulder, breathing down my neck
are we on the same page yet, i'm getting old here!
come on don't you get it? what the heck?

oh, i could drink your blood if you let me, baby
drain you of your love until you hate me

yes, to err is human, so don't be one
this was a mistake, i'll take my leave
but, before i go, let me know if you see
a little black bag with a toe tag please
if you don't hate me, then reanimate me
prove it to me baby, lightning in my veins
these instincts i've managed to stave mean
monsters must be people too, so oh geez!
oh, i could drink your blood if you let me, baby
drain you of your love until you hate me
i will drink your blood 'till your lips turn blue
drain you of your love, if you want me to6embed

when somebody needs you lyrics
fishing lure moon on a string for you
didn't you say you need space?
one of us just has to change
you say the same, so i guess we're okay
twist my umbrella 'til it's inside out
hand you a bouquet of rain
saying "oh, baby, please take a drink"
did i shout or think i could save you this way?

then you looked in my eyes and said
"how dare you love me when you should despise me? you should be scared of me"
it seems that that's what it means
when somebody needs you
we'll meet in the middle like pistols at dawn
turn our backs, who's counting pace?
when the smoke clears arе we friends
or strangers again? just a familiar facе
well, aren't we "us?" sharing pronouns now?
so how could we separately heal?
god, i don't get it, i really don't get it
could someone tell me how to feel?

so watch your step, or you'll trip and fall right out of love
be the first one to turn 'round, say, "alright, who shoved me?"
it seems that that's what it means
when somebody needs you

so we come and we go, we know and are known
there's too many people to trust
well, it seems to me what we want and we need are the same
and that's someone who'll worry about us
'til death do us part, please keep breaking my heart
'til it ceases to beat, please be mine
well it seems that that's what it means
when somebody
ohh
so if love conquers all, then all else must have failed
i mean, who wants to fall, can't we just take the stairs?
well it seems that that's what it means
when somebody needs you
it seems that that's what it means
when somebody needs you7embed

euthanasia lyrics
i was right there, while you fought tooth and nail
gasping in the gas mask thrashing 'till you disappeared
say you're not scared, that you know it's 'cause i cared and
say you know i love you, and that hope was just not there

and i know, i know that i'm wrong
that when you're gone, you're gone and i can't bring you home
but i want, i want to believe
that you'll remember me when you're just memory
roots in the ground or uploaded to the cloud or
warm inside our hearts or as electrons in our head, nowhere now
over the rainbow, can i stop by and say hеllo and
sorry i would take it back if i could but i know

to love one from too far to call
is not to lovе at all, to whom is it i talk?
but i want, i want to believe
that you can still hear me when you're just memory

said "it's okay" and "it'll all be over soon"
i'd never let a bad thing happen to you
now goodnight i love you

and every, everybody dies
fighting for their lives, just trying to survive
well now i know, i know why we say
that there's a better place that waits beyond the grave, oh, oh

and i know, i know it's not true
there's just no more you but as long as there's no proof
then i choose, i choose to believe
that we'll meet in sweet dreams after you're put to sleeprelated songs6embed

venetian blind man (song) lyrics
squints out of his window, he don't want to see
venetian blind man, no one else to be
talleyrand forces come down from high ground
looks up at high horses - "well, we're safe for now"

and he says "oh woah woah, it's only an omen
oh, woah woah, stay in the moment."

private walls close in and cup their ears now
trust us, we've got ways to make them talk
i've read the writing, how do these things lock?
string on his finger, a tourniquet ring
venetian blind man, memory loaded on springs
forward's behind him in the future that sneaks up
keepеrs become finders, what's worth weeping ovеr's worth taking

oh, woah woah, sky is falling
oh, woah woah, catch or it all ends

lord knows i've said awful things 'round this house
they echo through the frame and six feet down
what killed the dead end? burn it to the ground

oh, woah woah, lose out or give out
oh, woah woah, give up or live down
oh, woah wo-o-o-oah, nobody chose it
woah woah woah, well nobody knows it better than i do

feet, don't fail me now the ways my eyes did
mind, don't snap and heart, don't break, not now
no, not like this, any but this breakdown
venetian blind man
venetian blind man
venetian blind man
venetian blind man
venetian blind manembed

you liked this (okay, computer!) lyricswelcome to your platform, please enjoy responsibly
we are the democratisation of media
we are eager to get to know you
you are only human, and we are here to help
you will finally be not only seen, but witnessed
you are broken and we will heal you, we will save everything
(we work in our own proprietary mysterious ways)
we have a plan for everyone, free of charge!
you likеd this
how does the following feel in your hand:
three warning signs that you might be right about evеrything your worst instincts tell you
ten red flags that a neurotypical narcissist is trauma dump gaslighting you into sex-negative self-abuse emotional labor and internalised reverse racism against post-modern flat earthers with facts and logic (number seven will destroy your family)
(breaking news: the news is broken) sign this petition to remove content warnings from civil war statues
(click here for more buzzwords and pieces of think)
you liked this
streamline your intimacy and interpersonal productivity
your friends are all here in easily digestible parts
funny how you all have so much in common!
you even both like subway: eat fresh!
your enemies have been radicalised by an unknown force
but you have stayed rational by educating yourself here
you and two-hundred eighty others liked this
you may also like #willwoodisoverparty, #freespeech, #, and these judy garland deepfakes
brought to you by your friends at the for-god's-sake-make-it-stop corporation
the age of aquarius has arrived, the end is nigh
the revolution begins here, with our free service
a voice to the previously unheard masses, the silent majority
and the people we promise we have no power over
we promise (virtually reality)
(the democratisation of media) your growth is organic and natural
like a field of poppies, carcinoma, and tick fit to burst
before proceeding, you must click to agree to our terms of service
you liked thisembed

the main character lyrics
i’m that first person they talk about in all the books
i’m that perspective you cannot doubt, see how i look
control the narrative reliably, it’s all about me
i wrote the book about throwing the book at those who don’t do it by it

and i’m holding myself hostage, stockholm lost its looks for justice
and enough lefts don’t make the right but two wrongs do
oh man, sun tzu would love this!
beating my dead high horse off the high road to low ground
‘cause if you shake your fists at snakes in grass
it looks like punching down
so god forbid i’m seen just as an average human being
i mean, imagine if protagonists just died in the first scene
i’m the gap between a tragedy & comedy
don’t come at me
i’m the main character & you have to like me

so i loot plot armour from npc’s, that's what they are to me
trite, trope, traits, traumas, trinkets, & treats; it's all xp
look in the sky, it’s a bird! it’s a plane! no, it’s superego!
underdog you cheer for
and villains are everywhere, that’s how i know that i’m the hero!

so tie me to the train tracks, laugh & snidely twist your mustache
snidely whiplash boris badenov, ignoring me’s bad enough
where do you get off? da, das vedanya, darling
daleks in high collars monologue & i outsmart them with a ray-gun and a tweet

so god forbid i’m seen just as an average human being
i mean imagine if protagonists just died in the first scene
i’m the gap between a tragedy & comedy
don’t come at me
i’m the main character & you have to like me

judge me by what my cover shows, the author’s now beyond reproach
you don’t know the prose or if the spine is still intact
like alice fell to wonderland, come astroturf my overton
& then bolden my demand to live by alternative facts
so, her majesty says "the royal, we demand a standard of loyalty
an agreement to be reverent, lick the emperor’s new boots
the court fool got the guillotine, the witches the stake, you the dopamine
and siemens made the zyklon b but we all still get the flu
we all do what we need to to get through, it’s nothing new
but i ain’t done a fucking thing to you!"

so god forbid i’m seen just as an average human being
i mean imagine if antagonists lacked any evil scheme
i’m the gap between a tragedy & comedy
don’t come at me
i’m the main character & you have to like me1embed



cicada days (demo) lyricsgreener grass grows where wildfires fertilize
with ashes of sparrows, peppered moths, and butterflies
ghosts of trees and termites bloom in the beanstalk
and if you get lightheaded when standing too fast
as if shaking out the weight of phosphenes
and past salt deposits of warm middle rivers that burst from our words
and god knows crying ain't gonna change a thing
she said take care, but i take more than i bring
she said it just feels inhumane to lose this much
'cause when you leave you know you take more than your lovе
wake up in a cicada daze, we'rе losing touch
and i know it just feels inhumane to lose this much
our veins were tangled under plastic stars
the will of glow in the dark hanging over queen-sized purple waves
of ancient chemicals just whisper
and did you ever build with those endangered bones?
well the ground looks soft enough to bury this now
oh please, oh no
and then my sponsor said "do nothing. nothing works."
and then my doctor said "don't do that if it hurts."
she said it just feels inhumane to lose this much
'cause when you leave you know you take more than your love
wake up in a cicada daze, we're losing touch
and i know it just feels inhumane to lose this much
oh, oh, oh, let all my red flags fade to white, yeah i give up
don't let me leave, i'll only take more than i gave
okay, i'll pack my stuff
i'm counting up cicada days 'til i wake up
and my god, it feels damn inhumane to lose this much
oh, oh, oh, oh, so
keep coming back
it works if you work it, so work it, you're worth it, it won't if you don't
one day at a time, tomorrow's too late, amenembed

i’ll be in my coffin lyrics
so, here we go, i’m turning over, the same ol' leaf again
left upon my shoulder, saying "please don't turn your head"
‘cause if it weren't for the everything, then anything could happen
if anybody needs me, i’ll be in my coffin

girl, i guess you're just my style, you know, i dig you like a tomb
and i’m sorry for the things i’ve done and all i ask of you
but please, squeeze it in rhythm, prevent my heart from stopping
if you still want me, come and find me in my coffin
if you need me, i’ll be in my coffin
you could come knockin' and i’ll raise hеll for you
if you need me, i’ll be in my coffin
i’ll be up thеre walking, back from the dead for you


if you need me, i’ll be in my coffin
you could come knockin' and i’ll raise hell for you
if you need me, i’ll be in my coffin
i’ll be up there walking, back from the dead for you

well, maybe i should switch up the style of my mistakes
the hearts are promises i tend to prefer to break
stop the world and melt with me, friday, i’m in love again
if you still want me, come and find me in my coffin

so, hold my hands, we’ll dance the 12-step on my grave
i’d kill the man i am for one more chance to be yours, babe
no, i ain't begging, i’m just saying, it’s an option
don’t let the latest be the last nail in the coffin
if you need me, i’ll be in my coffin
you could come knockin' and i’ll raise hell for you
if you need me, i’ll be in my coffin
i’ll be up there walking, back from the dead for youembed

alma mater lyrics
(fake lyrics from soundcloud version's description:
where two gently flowing rivers meet
we form our cherished ties
together we spend these years
united in our aim
through our bold pursuit of excellence
we proudly bear your name
i passed through all these tortures nobly
and then, as soph, my turn began
and i hazed the poor fresh so
that they longed for heaven, i know
on the banks of the old pomeroy
drivеs aw-ay all ad-ver-sity
ste-ady and true
wе'll be to you
lo-yal ones of mbu.)embed

man, i love being drunk (live at music inn 2015) lyrics
i can't hold my liquor, would you mind if i held yours?
when too much is not enough, that's how i know i need more
it's just the booze talking, and it's speaking japanese
i'm sure you heard me slur my words, could someone come and translate me?
before i got into it, they called it some-cohol
i'm sure that i will rue it, but i'll still ruin it all
when i'm a solid six drinks in, you'll be a solid ten
these beer goggles are prescription 20/20 double-vision
it's a brain cell genocide, get me a hitler on the rocks
wake up on a strangers floor, facе covered in sharpie cocks
i'm not surе why they call it a liver, because i'm pretty sure mines dead
pick up chicks, get whiskey dick, and say "fuck it, i'm going to bed."

i try to drown my sorrows, but i'm the one who sunk
i always forget why i regret it
man, i love being drunk
(breathalize me, captain!)

i'm pretty sure my bac's higher than my debit balance
i can't afford this anymore, i'm still on my parents allowance
and even hurricane sandy never saw blackouts like mine
officer, i'm good to drive but i can't walk two straight lines

everybody, raise a glass i propose a thousand toasts
to my sorry, sorry ass, a thousand cheers roll down my throat

i try to drown my sorrows, but i'm the one who sunk
i always forget why i regret it
man, i love being drunk
god, grant me serenity and the courage to chase it down
cause i heard my higher powers gonna buy us the next round

i try to drown my sorrows, but i'm the one who sunk
i always forget why i regret it
man, i love being drunk
i try to drown my sorrows, but i'm the one who sunk
i always forget why i regret it
man, i love being fucked up beyond belief
man, i love being white girl wasted
i said man, i love being drunk!embed

the rhumba of death lyricsah ooooo ba ba ba bum bum
ba ba ba bum bum
ba ba ba bum bum
ba ba ba bum bum
ba ba ba bum bum
ba ba ba bum bum
ba ba ba bum bum
ba ba ba bum bum
ba ba ba bum bum
ba ba ba bum bum
la da da
la da da da da da da da
la da da da oh
la da da da da
la da da
la da da da da da da da
la da da da da da
ba ba ba bum bum
ba ba ba bum bum
ba ba ba bum bum
ba ba ba bum bumembed





i’ll never amount to anything (another song about how bad i am at life) (live at music inn 2015) lyricsmy parents paid for college and i wonder why
to have me be a comic flipping burgers on the side
you can't have an apartment making 8.75
let alone car insurance after two dwis
i don't think i can write enough songs to stay alive
i would turn to prostitution, but i don't think i'd get by
my brain's so fried i don't think i could pass a drug test
and if my daddy weren't a lawyer, i'd probably be in jail by now (it also helps to be white)
throw your hands in the air on my emotional roller coaster
everybody do the mood swing
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i’ll nevеr amount to nothin'
my therapist said focus on the now and herе
so i savor all the flavor when i pound a beer
i get heart palpitations and panic attacks
but i don't think i could trust myself around xanax
my therapist said i should take my meds
but that's --- exactly what the government wants me to do
i switch banks every time i overdraw my checking account
i'm at a point where 100 dollars could change my life (if i didn't spend it on cigarettes)
you'll drag bodies from my emotional wreckage, baby
what's the point of trying?

i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to nothin'
in first grade they tell you you could be the president
but i can't even get people to follow me on twitter
i drink and i smoke, and i never use a rubber
and also i play the lottery
raised in suburbia to die in the streets
but my parents still say that they're proud of me
i'll be a sewer of emotionally-draining shit
and it'll take more than a manhole to shut me up (haha, manhole)
you'll lose your luggage at my emotional baggage claim
you'll lose your luggage at my emotional baggage claim
poster boy of eugenics

i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to nothin'
anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to nothin'3embed





afternoon announcements lyricsoo wop wop
oo
oo wop wop
oo
oo wop wop
oo
oo ooembed

evening announcements lyricsooaaaah hu!
embed

kill me if you can lyrics
sick and twisted existential fiction, i said "how am i gonna get through life like this?"
head-bobs noddin' in and out of-a the body, yet i'm not about klonopin or heroin
fix that twitch, it makes me fiddle like a schizophrenic, how am i gonna get through my life like this?
neurotic and catatonic, idiotic, not enough psychoticism to corroborate the sin

take me towards the light
when it leaves my eyes
give me a sec to catch my dying breath
forgive me if i cross the flatline
from the cradle to the casket, hopе it's not too much to ask to come kill me
kill me, plеase!
six-feet deep from six-foot-tall, don't bother, give it some, or lose it all
please come kill me, kill me if you can1embed

(untitled) laplace’s angel (live music inn 2015 demo) lyricslucy was a dominatrix who never got the hang of high heels
she walked like a giraffe with scoliosis but she loved the way that leather feels
terry was a child molester, he said that he was born this way
never let his nephew sit upon his lap because he didn't want to raise him gay
now we're singing ooh
what do you think of me?
am i bad, am i bad, am i bad, am i bad, am i bad?
now we're singing ooh
what do you think of me?
if you were in my shoes, would you still do what i do?
manny was a serial killer who fainted at the sight of blood
he hacked up women who looked like his mother but it cured his insomnia
jeremiah was a rapist with a bit of a feminist streak
roofies at the bar left emotional scars but he always called back within a week
now we're singing ooh
what do you think of me?
am i bad, am i bad, am i bad, am i bad, am i bad?
now we're singing ooh
what do you think of me?
if you were in my shoes, would you still do what i do?
henry was a gun for hire, made a living making people die
but the money came and went when he spent every cent keeping his braindead mother alive
patrick was a faith healer, who cried when god took his son
when congenital heart disease reared its head, he still dialed 911
now we're singing ooh
what do you think of me?
am i bad, am i bad, am i bad, am i bad, am i bad?
now we're singing ooh
what do you think of me?
if you were in my shoes, i'd bet you fuckers did what i doembed

bad guy (cover) lyrics
white shirt now red, my bloody nose
sleepin', you're on your tippy toes
creepin' around like no one knows
think you're so criminal

so you're a tough guy
like it really rough guy
just can't get enough guy
chest always so puffed guy
i'm that bad type
make your mama sad type
make your girlfriend mad tight
might seduce your dad type
i'm the bad guy
duh
i like it when you take control
even if you know that you don't
own me, i'll let you play the role
i'll be your animal
my mommy likes to sing along with me
but she won't sing this song
if she reads all the lyrics
she'll pity the men i know

so you'rе a tough guy
like it really rough guy
just can't get еnough guy
chest always so puffed guy
i'm that bad type
make your mama sad type
make your girlfriend mad tight
might seduce your dad type
i'm the bad guy
duh

i'm only good at bein' bad, badembed

armchairs (andrew bird cover) lyrics
i dreamed you were a cosmonaut
of the space between our chairs
and i was a cartographer
of the tangles in your hair

i sang the song that silence brings
it's the one that everybody knows, oh everybody knows
the song that's silencing
and this, this is how it goes
these looms that weave apocrypha
they're hanging from a strand
these dark and empty rooms were full
of incandescent hands

awkward pause, the fatal flaw
time, it's a crooked bow
time is a crooked bow
time you need to learn to love
the ebb just like the flow

grab hold of your bootstraps and pull like hell
until gravity feels sorry for you and lets you go
as if you lack the proper chemicals to know, oh
the way it felt the last time you let yourself fall this low

time, time it's a crooked bow
time's a crooked bow
time's a crooked bow, oh, ooh

fifty-five and three-eighths years later
at the bottom of this gigantic crater
an armchair calls to you
yeah, this armchair calls to you
and it says that someday we'll get back at them all
with epoxy and a pair of pliers
as ancient sea slugs begin to crawl
through the ragweed and barbed wire, oh

you didn't write, you didn't call
it didn't cross your mind at all, hey
through the waves, the waves of a.m. squall
you couldn't feel a thing at all
fifty-five and three-eighths, time
fifty-five and three-eighths time, timeembed

dr. sunshine is dead (live) (from going the distance volume 2) lyrics
woah!
when did i become afraid of the dark?
are my eyeballs just yet to adjust to seeing the light?
the room i’m in is still the same, the shadows have not rearranged it
no, the only thing that’s changed is how i see at night
i fumble for the switch and strap on infrareds
and wish for sunshine when the morning’s somewhere else
but i can’t change what time it is or dilate my irises
only what i look at, and i’m looking at myself
i am not the sunshine, i am not the moon at night
well, who else could i be when i can’t hardly see?
i am not thе sunshine, i am not the moon at night
i’m no one if i’m nowhеre in between
​
when did i become afraid of your jazz, baby?
was it when i left the cave and swore i’d never go back?
if we can’t see each other, then there’s no more use for hiding
i’ve decided i’ll abide it, why deny the color black?
i’m not a flower, not a solar-powered calculator
damn my eyes for seeing what’s not there
i’ll trade in vision for a practiced intuition
till my fears come to fruition i’m not scared
​
i am not the sunshine, i am not the moon at night
well who else could i be when i can’t hardly see?
i am not the sunshine, i am not the moon at night
's burger, everyone!

the future must know where you’ve been
the past predicts the state you’re in
the present did and will not last
is, isn’t, was, have, hasn’t, has
all that i ask is follow us on instagram
if nobody’s home, then follow us on instagram!
for your self-portraits, @willwoodofficial
who should i be then, if i’ll never be the same?
and if dreams can come true, what does that say about nightmares?
i’ll stay awake tonightembed

man, i love being drunk lyrics
i can't hold my liquor, would you mind if i held yours?
when i'm sure i've had enough, that's how i know i need more
it's just the booze talking, and it's speaking japanese
i'm sure you heard me slur my words, could someone come and translate me?
before i got to it, they called it some-cohol
i'm sure that i will rue it, but i'll still ruin it all
when i'm a solid six drinks in, you'll be a solid ten
these beer goggles are prescription 20/20 double-vision
it's a brain cell genocide, get me a hitler on the rocks
wakе up on a strangers floor, face coverеd in sharpie cocks
i'm not sure why they call it a liver, because i'm pretty sure mines dead
pick up chicks, get whiskey dick, and say "fuck it, i'm going to bed."

i try to drown my sorrows, but i'm the one who sunk
i always forget why i regret it
man, i love being drunk
(breathalize me, captain!)

i'm pretty sure my bac's higher than my debit balance
i can't afford this anymore, i'm still on my parents allowance
and even hurricane sandy never saw blackouts like mine
officer, i'm good to drive but i can't walk two straight lines

i propose a thousand toasts, i propose a thousand toasts
to my sorry, sorry ass, a thousand cheers roll down my throat

i try to drown my sorrows, but i'm the one who sunk
i always forget why i regret it
man, i love being drunk
fuck, shit!

god, grant me the serenity and the courage to chase it down
cause i heard my higher powers gonna buy us the next round

i try to drown my sorrows, but i'm the one who sunk
i always forget why i regret it
man, i love being drunk
oh lord, i said
man, i love being drunk
oh my god!
man, i love being drunkembed

i’ll never amount to anything (live at sidewalk 2015) lyrics
my parents paid for college and i wonder why
to have me be a comic flipping burgers on the side?
you can’t have an apartment making 8.75
let alone car insurance after two dwis
i don’t think i could write enough songs to stay alive
i would turn to prostitution but i don’t think i’d get by
my brain's so fried i don’t think i could pass a drug test
and if my daddy weren’t a lawyer i’d probably be in jail by now
(it also helps to be white.)
draggin' bodies from this emotional wreckage baby
what’s the p- point of trying?
i’ll never amount to anything!

i’ll never amount to anything
i’ll never amount to anything
i’ll never amount to nothin’

my therapist said "focus on the now and here,"
so i favor all the flavor when i p- pound the beer
i get heart palpitations and p- p- panic attacks
but i don’t think i can trust myself around xanax
my therapist said i should take my meds
but that’s exactly what the government wants me to do
i switch banks every time i overdraw my checking account
i’m at a point where $100 could change my life
(if i didn’t spend it on drugs.)
you'll trust that i died in the foot box in a roller coaster
what’s the p- point of trying?
i’ll never amount to anything!
i’ll never amount to anything
i’ll never amount to anything
i’ll never amount to nothin’
woah woah woah woah
in first grade, they tell you you can be the president
but i can't even get people to follow me on twitter!
i drink and i smoke and i never use a rubber
and also i play the lottery
raised in suburbia to die in the streets
but my parents still say that they're "p- proud of me!"
i'll be a sewer of emotionally draining shit
and it'll take more than a manhole to shut me up!
(heh, manhole.)
you'll lose your fucking dad at my emotional baggage claim
poster boy of eugenics
i'll never amount to anything!
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to nothin'embed

man, i love being drunk  (live at sidewalk 2015) lyrics
i can't hold my liquor
would you mind if i held yours?
when i'm sure i've had enough
is how i know that i need more
it's just the booze talking
and it's speaking japanese
(konichiwa!)
i'm sure you heard me slur my words
could someone come and translate me?
before i got to it
they called it, some-cohol
i'm sure that i'll rue it
but i'll still ruin it all

when i'm a sold 6 drinks in you'll be a solid 10
these beer goggles are prescription
20/20, double vision
it's a brain-cell genocide, get me a hitler on the rocks
wake up on a strangеr's floor
face covered in sharpiе cocks
i'm not sure why they call it my liver, 'cause i'm pretty sure it's dead
pick up chicks, get whiskey dick, and say "fuck it i'm going to bed."

i tried to drown my sorrows
but i'm the one who's sunk
i always forget why i regret it
man, i love being drunk!

i'm pretty sure my bac's higher than my debit balance
i can't afford this anymore
i'm still on my parents' allowance
and even hurricane sandy never saw blackouts like mine!
officer, i'm good to drive, but i can't walk two straight lines
everybody, raise a glass, i propose a thousand toasts
to my sorry, sorry ass
a thousand cheers go down my throat

i tried to drown my sorrows
but i'm the one who's sunk
i always forget why i regret it
man, i love being drunk!

god grant me the serenity
and the courage to wash it down
'cause i heard my higher power's gonna buy us the next round

i tried to drown my sorrows
but i'm the one who's sunk
i always forget why i regret it
man, i love being drunk!
i tried to drown my sorrows
but i'm the one who's sunk
i always forget why i regret it
man, i love being drunk!
oh lord, i said
man, i love being drunk!
oh my god!
man, i love being drunk!
ah ah ah!
man, i love being drunkembeddr. sunshine is dead lyrics
when did i become afraid of the dark?
are my eyeballs just yet to adjust to seeing the light?
the room i’m in is still the same, the shadows have not rearranged it
no, the only thing that’s changed is how i see at night
i fumble for the switch and strap on infrareds
and wish for sunshine when the morning’s somewhere else
but i can’t change what time it is or dilate my irises
only what i look at, and i’m looking at myself

i am not the sunshine, i am not the moon at night
well, who else could i be when i can’t hardly see?
i am not the sunshine, i am not the moon at night
i’m no one if i’m nowhere in between
​
when did i become afraid of the dark?
was it when i left the cave and swore i’d never go back?
if we can’t see each other, then there’s no more use for hiding
i’ve decided i’ll abide it, why deny the color black?
i’m not a flower, not a solar-powered calculator
damn my eyes for seeing what’s not there
i’ll trade in vision for a practiced intuition
till my fears come to fruition i’m not scared
​
i am not the sunshine, i am not the moon at night
well who else could i be when i can’t hardly see?
i am not the sunshine, i am not the moon at night
i’m no one if i’m nowhere in between
the future must know where you’ve been
the past predicts the state you’re in
the present did and will not last
is, isn’t, was, have, hasn’t, has
all that i ask is keep those empty frames
if nobody’s in them, then no one is to blame
for your self-portraits, sign another name
well, who should i be then, if i’ll never be the same?

i will be my sunshine, i will be my moon at night
who else could i be when i can’t fucking see?
i will be my sunshine, i will be my moon at night
i’m nowhere now, here’s no one now to be

and if dreams can come true, what does that say about nightmares?
i’ll stay awake tonight17embed

thermodynamic lawyer, esq, g.f.d. lyrics
"i hold myself in contempt!"
tearing the hair off a black baboon's skull
is a bitch with some four thousand names
vomiting lies through a theremin throat
as some businessmen pick at her brains
pulls back skinny lips to reveal a proboscis
seems seth brundle's at it again
tears pages from spines as she judges the cover
and shamelessly spoils the end
blood vessels drying and curling inside are
unfurling from out of her wrists
well, she wrings out a snake and collects all its poison
intending on learning to hiss
foams at the mouth with a head full of acid
and giving some poor illness the blame
knocking the pieces the fuck off the chessboard
insisting that she's won the game

so all that i see absolute entropy
as the chemical bonds fall apart
well, it seems she broke me
but i swear she could not break my heart
she could not break my heart, oh lord!

makes up excuses for throbbing black bruises
and uses them to her advantage
never came down from her last trip on jesus
disease is her primary language
garbled and gruesome, her words so absurd
like i heard a transmission from apollo 13
no apology, i request misery
so no rest till i've twisted her chest round my knee
so squeal like a trolley wheel, cry like a baby
with autism strapped to a ceiling fan
soil your visage with mucus and
twisting of features unable to stand
buckle your knees looking up at me
and beg me to spare thee the back of my hand
for the sake of humanity, die of your blight
we're blessed you're barren as mojave sands

so all that i see absolute entropy
as the chemical bonds fall apart
well, it seems she broke me
but i swear she could not break my heart

so all that i see absolute entropy
as the chemical bonds fall apart
well, it seems she broke me
but i swear she can go fucking die
you can go fucking die (get cancer)
go fucking die (get aids and)
go fucking die (kill yourself)
kill yourself and go die
ugh
"absolutely reprehensible behavior"2embed

6up 5oh cop-out (pro/con) lyrics
six-up, five-oh, pigs come, i cop n’ go
the blotter shows they got me on the rocks like galapagos
good luck finding critters creepy as me
they shoulda fried me, i’ll give ya ptsd
vodka shots droppin’ down the throat they been stompin’ on
cockin’ guns, lockin’ up, the quotas all for shock n’ awe
drivin’s tirin’, and i been hot-wirin’
to make my get away from the jailbreak riot and
cellmates scrapin’ upon the bricks in the basement
tryin’ to escape this probation generation
too late, crazy fucker’s gotta do the time
committed to the mental ward, committing all the crimes
i’m alive and kickin’ till the split ends fray
maybe plead insane, guilty, but i’m not to blame
i’m a slave to the main vein, sprayin’ on the mainframe
suffering the infrastructure, hoping i can maintain
oh, how i know, how i go, how i go
ask me a question, the answer i know
yes or no, options don’t weigh out, and so
i don’t ever see the cons and the pros

you bear a striking resemblance
(some kind of semblance of somethin’ i been rememberin’)
you appear familiar, dear
(you look just like my bathroom mirror)
please, policeman, no heel-to-toe
oh please, let me go
please, policeman, is it a test?
i won’t know till i’m under arrest

the drunk-tank’s blood red, junkie’s gonna relapse
some think punk’s dead, me, i don’t believe that
rock n’ roll gatherin’ the moss till i be that
lichen-coated boulder, make you slip, bust your kneecap
open on the amazon, hide the cure for cancer
i’m lance armstrong, you’re the necromancer
slash n’ burn, crash into the 42nd answer
all my fellow skeletons adore the army ants here
flies on my eyeballs, scabs on my elbows
heaven knows god’s sittin’ up there like, “hell no!”
only one thing comes to those who wait
it's never too late to embrace your fate

may death come swiftly and gently to you
mayhem, cry mayday, and oncoming doom
save your convictions, they never will do
what you say’s at least 1/6 billionth true

you bare a striking resemblance
(some kind of semblance of somethin’ i been rememberin’)
you appear familiar, dear
(you look just like my bathroom mirror)
please, policeman, no heel-to-toe
oh please, let me go
please, policeman, is it a test?
i won’t know till i’m under arrest

am i being detained? (yes, you are)
am i under arrest? (yes, you are)
read me my rights, please (no)
i want my phone call
please policeman, no heel-to-toe
oh please, let me go
please policeman, is it a test?
i won’t know till i’m ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
please, policeman, no heel-to-toe
oh please, let me go
please, policeman, is it a test?
i won’t know till i’m under arrest7embed

mr. capgras encounters a secondhand vanity: tulpamancer’s prosopagnosia​/​pareidolia (as direct result of trauma to the fusiform gyrus) lyrics
you're trying to replace yourself
you’re trying to replace yourself, you’re trying to replace yourself
you’re trying to replace yourself, you’re trying to replace yourself
you’re trying to replace yourself, you’re trying to replace yourself
you’re trying to replace yourself, you’re trying to replace yourself

carving out a fact from a reckoning
beckoning you back, skin sagging off its skeleton
levitating off the ground
is another man wearing your face
all the other false identities
remedies or enemies to mitigate your memories
shuddered at what they found
when they stripped away the grace
eulogy or biography, i’m who i oughtta be, and that is god to me
(never never never)
so, my god, what’s wrong with me? if who i wanna be might be
never, never, never
never, never, never
never, never, never
no, never!

you’ll never take me alive, baby. you’ll never take me alive
you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, you better pray that i die
you’ll never take me alive, baby. you’ll never take me alive
you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, and no, you’re never gon’ find

somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself!
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself!

damn, i thought you’re not your imposter
you’re so sure you’re not gonna get caught
dead in your own skin
but you didn’t choose what you were born in
and another man in your repertoire
ready in your head and fed upon your memoirs
still the same rules apply
from the birthday to the mourning
what you feel and what you do
are those things really you? and if not, then what is?
(never never never)
so, my god, what’s wrong with you?
and i’m still asking who that is
never, never, never
never, never, never
never, never, never
no, never!

you’ll never take me alive, baby, you’ll never take me alive
you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, you better pray that i die
you’ll never take me alive, baby, you’ll never take me alive
you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, and no, you’re never gon’ find

somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself


you’ll never take me alive, baby, you’ll never take me alive
(this is not enough, this is not enough to prove it yet!)
you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, you better pray that i die
(no, i need to hit the bottom)
you’ll never take me alive, baby, you’ll never take me alive
(this is not enough, this is not enough to prove it yet!)
you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, you better pray that i die
(no, i need to hit the bottom)
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself5embed

hand me my shovel, i’m going in! lyrics
my heart was stolen by a blind pickpocket
in the deep city streets in the summer of 2012
and i never even saw her face
my dreams were shattered like a stained glass window
jesus in pieces, i believe i threw a brick right through him
but my memory could not be saved

it just seems unlikely that it's me who was to blame
so i bookmark my dsm 'cause i need to remember my place
this is not enough, this is not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom
this is not enough, this is not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom

gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
take you with me
​
my soul was crushed like a tall boy
underneath the boots on the curb
and i’m still picking up my molars
and putting them back in my face
my name was soiled by a last call spill
with a backwash swill and the blackout killed me
sober on impact from a fall from grace
​
take the road on higher ground
and tell me “don’t look down! you’ll fall and break your back”
but that just reminds me how there’s more to be found beneath the black
this is not enough, this is not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom
this is not enough, this is not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom

gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
take you with me
​
bottle, well, or barrel? all are empty
dug, or drank, or poured it out
when too much is not enough there’s plenty
more where that came from around
looking up we see the point of entry
between where we are and we’ve been
looking up i could say heaven sent me
hand me my shovel, i’m going in
looking up we see the point of entry
between where we are and we’ve been
looking down i could say heaven sent me
hand me my shovel, i’m going in
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta gotta get, gotta gotta get, gotta get
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta gotta get, gotta gotta get, gotta get
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta gotta get, gotta gotta get, gotta get
gotta get to the bottom of this
if it kills me
gotta gotta get, gotta ow!
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
if it kills me

this is not enough, this is not enough, not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom
this is not enough, this is not enough, not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom
this is not enough, this is not enough, not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom
this is not enough, this is not enough, not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom19embed

the song with five names, a​.​k​.​a. soapbox tao, a​.​k​.​a. checkmate atheists! a​.​k​.​a. neospace government, a​.​k​.​a. you can never know (feat. alex nauth) lyrics
why, i can’t see, that i am the “me” that i was born into
and what’s the source of you?
in your head, in your head, in your head
and yet you believe it’s true, well you do
like you knew anything ever
never trust in yourself or anyone else, we’ve always all been wrong
and we built these walls strong
even i might define, won’t deny that i’m trying while my
eyes do defy and belie quiet liars as i
say what i say any way i may be saying it, but
i've been wrong before
you can break a shovel when you break new ground
you dig dirt up when you dig deep down
you should know better than that by now
it’s not profound to know that you could, you could
you can break a shovel when you break new ground
you dig dirt up when you dig deep down
you should know better than that by now
it’s not profound to know that you can never know

you can never know
you can never know
you can never know

so don’t you forget that all you project is just to protect you from
the void within the form
yes or no isn’t null; yes it is; no, i don’t know
yes or no? isn’t it a silly question? ask it anyway, 'cause
what we are is (gotta get to the bottom of this)
what we are not (gotta get to the bottom of this)
אֶהְיֶה אֲשֶׁר אֶהְיֶה (gotta get to the bottom of this)
what myths must make us man?
what is “is?” what is not? what is “what?”
what’s up, party people? what?
what i wonder? why i’m not “whatever”
what the fuck? ‘cause
you can break a shovel when you break new ground
you dig dirt up when you dig deep down
you should know better than that by now
it’s not profound to know that you could, you could
you can break a shovel when you break new ground
you dig dirt up when you dig deep down
you should know better than that by now
it’s not profound to know that you can never know

you can never know!
you can never know!
you can never know!

i noticed that the sunshine is a gaslight
i’m hoping that this one might be my past life
my lord, i know enough to get my facts right
and that’s good enough for me
and everything and everyone will die soon
and we’ll have nothing left for us to lie to
no matter what we seek you’ll never find truth
and that’s good enough for me
so give me that old time religion
gimme that old time religion
give me that old time religion
it’s good enough for me
so give me that old time religion
gimme that old time religion
give me that old time religion
it’s good enough but not enough
to be good enough for me
you can break a shovel when you break new ground
you dig dirt up when you dig deep down
you should know better than that by now
it’s not profound to know that you could, you could
you can break a shovel when you break new ground
you dig dirt up when you dig deep down
you should know better than that by now
it’s not profound to know that you can never know8embed

front street lyrics
"quick while she turns her back, slip it in"

i’m in a meat-pack plant by the gutterside
a slaughterhouse apartment with a slice of lime
i’m cruisin’ with the bruisers, boozin’, i’ll be a suitor, losing my mind
because there’s nothing to find
the fetid stench of bad intentions hangs in the sweat
i’m in a sauna hot with drama, and i’m tryin’ to forget
all the masochistic rapture missteps
imminent pleasure’s ready to cut to the bone
you said, “let loose,” but now you’re lost
while i tied my boots like a tightrope noose
the problem chased the taste of the cause
while the evidence supports the truth, is 80 enough proof for you?

here’s to my lady, and i’m coming inside
drink to me, baby, and what’s left of what’s right
it’s easier to use and lose than never to have used you
on a fucked up saturday night
good times on front street

loose lips sink ships, but captain, will you go down?
float your boat 'til overboard and hoping to drown
tell me what prevented you from coming downtown all alone
because we know you’re not afraid
this chastity is greek to me, the meat is still fresh
the gnashing teeth will masticate the bones from the flesh
since nobody will tell me where these bastards go, i’ll see for myself
i think they might go to hell

you said, “let loose,” but now you’re lost
while i tied my boots like a tightrope noose
the problem chased the taste of the cause
while the evidence supports the truth, is 80 enough proof for you?
here’s to my lady, and i’m coming inside
drink to me, baby, and what’s left of what’s right
it’s easier to use and lose than never to have used you
on a fucked up saturday night
good times on front street
on front street

("and they completely goddamn disrespected me! little idiots! idiots! i was completely respectful. they're supposed to be my brothers, right? they're my brothers? no, no, that's not fun. what they were doing wasn't fun. they kept zapping us and zapping us. idiots! savages! idiots! idiots!")
("aye, step right up, folks! get yourself a big, meaty fill of some of the most noxious, toxic, obnoxious, disgusting shit around! how vile can you be?")
is 80 enough proof for you?
here’s to my lady, and i’m coming inside
drink to me, baby, and what’s left of what’s right
it’s easier to use and lose than never to have used you
on a fucked up saturday night
always a good time on front street

last call for morals, better cover your drink
sodom and gomorrah'd, let it go down the sink
last call for morals, better cover your drink
sodom and gomorrah'd, let it go down the sink
last call for morals, better cover your drink
sodom and gomorrah'd, let it go down the sink
last call for morals, better cover your drink
good times on front street14embed

skeleton appreciation day in vestal, ny (bones) lyrics
to cut down on my silhouette
my favorite foods are smoke and hearts
my leftover frets forget stiletto-self vendettas
while my cracking backbone lacks but backs up my false starts
all nightmares start as dreams
and i hear my subconscious screaming
they say that beauty’s just skin deep
so naturally, please show me your

bones, bones, bones, let me see your bones
well, i don’t wanna know if the feeling follows home
bones, bones, bones, hell, we’re all alone
if i come home, baby, will you show your bones?
​
lumps in throats and petticoats
your baby teeth would pray for you
a selfish book is always open
and some of the best liars only want the truth
all love starts as a scheme
so wake me up, i’m tired of sleeping
they say that beauty’s just skin deep
so obviously please show me your
bones, bones, bones, let me see your bones
well, i don’t wanna know if the feeling follows home
bones, bones, bones, hell, we’re all alone
if i come home, baby, will you show your bones?

all nightmares start as dreams, all love starts as a scheme
give me all your lsd so i can feel my mind unweave again
they say that beauty’s just skin deep
so ana stands and rends the rancid meat from her

bones, bones, bones, let me see your bones
well, i don’t wanna know if the feeling follows home
bones, bones, bones, hell, we’re all alone
if i come home, baby, will you show your...
bones, bones, bones, i can see my bones
well i don’t wanna know if the feeling follows home
bones, bones, bones, hell, we’re all alone
if i come home, baby, will you show me your bones?
my bones, your bones
tell me you can see my bones
my bones, your bones
tell me you can see that-
ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
ooh ooh ooh ooh
ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
da-da-da-da-da-da-da da da da
"a moment on the lips, a lifetime on the hips"
"your stomach isn't growling, it's applauding"
"let's go order pizza"
"coffee, smokes, and cold diet soda"
"mad as a hatter, thin as a dime"
"it tastes of regret"
"nothing tastes as good as skinny feels"10embed

cotard’s solution (anatta​/​dukkha​/​anicca) lyrics
what if the wind caught up with me, started to change when i did?
would i blow out like a light? or like a kite fly away?
what if the fear of darkness gave way to the fear of color?
would you live in black and white? or rest your eyes through the day?

and if dreams can come true, what does that say about nightmares?
i’ll stay awake tonight

cry my name, remind my brain of my identity
i’m not gonna listen, i’m not my volition, i’m
sha na na na na na na na, free will
am i to blame for riding this train right by my destiny?
ah, prove i can crack, ah, loose from the track, ah
sha na na na na na na na, free will
rolling my third eye into the back
of my head and squinting through the black
saw no center, saw not where it lead
it’s times like this that make me wish that
i wished that i were dead, i don’t wish i were dead
but somebody’s got to go

i wanna make my murder look like a suicide
but they’ll all know, they’ll all know, but they’ll all know the body’s mine
i wanna go anonymous to identify
but they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know
they’ll all know that the body’s mine

divide by 1 and find i’m one less than the one i was
so how many people am i? now that i keep ‘em in my
sha na na na na na, memory, still i
check in the mirror to see how i look, i look different in different ways
ah, you do the math, ah, who’s looking back? ah
sha na na na na na na na, that's not me

carving my initials in the back
of my hand in case of losing track
i forgot, remember to forgive?
it’s times like this that make me wish that
i wished that i could live, i don’t wish i could live
but somebody’s got to stay
i wanna make my murder look like a suicide
but they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know that the body’s mine
i wanna go anonymous to identify
but they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they'll all know
oh, they’ll know it’s mine

and if dreams can come true, what does that say about nightmares?
i’ll stay awake tonight

i wanna make my murder look like a suicide (kill me, kill me, kill me, kill me)
but they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know that the body’s mine (kill me, kill me, kill me, kill me)
i wanna go anonymous to identify (kill me, kill me, kill me, kill me)
but they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know (kill me, kill me)
they’ll all know that the body’s mine6embed

2012 lyrics
fuck!

i was an existential criminal, so innocently cynical
ignorant as fuck but a proud individual
originally meant to live a god-damned miracle
might’ve been metaphysical, but i think it was medical
testing my hypothesis
never finding a theory
emulating animals and mental aboriginals
a miserable fuck but a loud tao mystical
an enemy of ritual traditionally integral
to biblical originals, but literally pitiful
too impatient for outpatient
paging dr. leary

did you lose yourself? it’s always in the last place that you’d check
i might find myself by retracing my steps, but…

i don’t remember, well, i forgot myself
i don’t remember, i don’t remember 2012
i don’t remember how i forgot myself
i don’t remember, i don’t remember 2012
i don’t remember 2012, i don’t remember
wow, the whole year’s a blur
i think i bought into the comedy and brought a lot of oddity
an odyssey i thought to be consider a commodity
and not until anomaly abolished my monotony
did i applaud autonomy and modify a lot of me
i’ll escape this reality
be the next houdini
glory be satori but its hallucinatory
and it’s sure to be a story i can tell in purgatory
i said, once i’ve lost it can there be a mahaprajnaparamita?

did you lose yourself? well, it’s always in the last place you’d check
i might find myself by retracing my steps

wow! i don’t remember how i forgot myself
i don’t remember, i don’t remember 2012
i don’t remember how i forgot myself
i don’t remember, i don’t remember 2012
i heard the world would turn to hell
compared to that, i’m doing well
i don’t remember how i forgot myself
i don’t remember, i don’t remember 2012
i don’t remember how i forgot myself
i don’t remember, i don’t remember 2012
i don’t remember 2012, i don’t remember 20124embed

love me normally (2016 live demo) lyricsin lipstick on the mirror are the lyrics to my obituary
in iambic pentameter, follow parameter
crossing my is, dot my ts
i was delivered holding scissors
i live deliberately, i'm a quitter
and a winner, anyway, 'cause i never agreed to participate in this game
won't follow my dreams 'cause they all got me waking up screaming
i can let them go free
after all, there's no i in team
and i'd rather be normal, yeah, so normal
i suggest that we keep this informal
'cause a normal human being wouldn't need
to pretend to be normal, to be normal
well, i bet that's the least that i owe you
to be normal in a way i couldn't be, yeah
come on, come on and love me normally
if i could live in third person
well, i don't think life would be much worse than it is
in the current tense, presently, listen consenting
with question marks or dot dot dot...
is it courageous or escapist to leave the quarantine when you're contagious?
it may just be a cold
and besides, i don't want to get old, yeah
i drank myself to death to be the afterlife of the party
when the after-party came, i was rolling in my grave!
and i'd rather be normal, yeah, so normal
i suggest that we keep this informal
'cause a normal human being wouldn't need
to pretend to be normal, to be normal
well, i bet that's the least that i owe you
to be normal in a way i couldn't be, yeah
come on, come on and love me normally
come on, come on and love me normally
this is about the time in the show where i talk to me audience and i like to tell them: i want you to look in the eyes of that beautiful woman or man or neither or in-between that you brought with you tonight, and i want you to tell them how you really feel. that you love the way they so gracefully and seamlessly, like a dream, blend into their surroundings, never sticking out like the sore thumb they so certainly could be if they didn't have the - what's the word i'm looking for? compassion? decency? common sense? common sense! to follow all the rules and regulations set by the society and the culture they were born into, and know that they belong somewhere, as we all do - we belong right in that spot that was cut out for us at the beginning of our lives. we really, really do - and look into their eyes and tell them: i love you. i love you for - for who everybody else is. that's a joke from me

i was nothing before, so i couldn't have asked to be born
i'll be nothing again, so what am i between now and then?
is there nothing to fear?
'cause this shit's getting weird
so to god, who made this man:
you better have one hell of a plan, oh
'cause i'd rather be normal, yeah, so normal
i suggest that we keep this informal
'cause a normal human being wouldn't need, no
to pretend to be normal, to be normal
well, i bet that's the least that i owe you
to be normal in a way i couldn't be, yeah
so come on, come on, yeah, i said come on, yeah
come on, come on, yeah, i said come on, yeah
come on, come on and love me normally, woah, yeah, whoa yeah
come on, come on and love me normally
woah, yeah3embed

chemical overreaction / compound fracture lyrics
"we can't stop here this is bat country!"

nettles on my saddle and a badge on my vest
better bet i’ll never settle and i never could rest
till the sunrise dies and sets in the west
a rattlesnake bite and a bullet in my chest
i won’t stop to drop to draw a line in the sand
‘cause i’ll be picked apart to pieces by coyotes
i’m a lizard in the hand of the medicine man
who is the wizard of the land on wild peyote, woah
aye aye, i eye my eyes, i’m taking action
aye aye, i eye my eyes, i’m gaining traction
aye aye, i eye my eyes, no more distractions
i’m done relaxing, i am a chemical reaction

bienvenidos a la villa de arañas españas
where the sentimental value of the city around you
is deleted obsolete and still completely will stun you
i’m tripping like a klutz and i’m rolling like thunder
i’m a snot nosed pothead playing with matches
a rotten spot of mold with my hands on a cactus
my mouth is dry and my eyes are red
i’m chewing on sand ‘cause the desert’s in my head

aye aye, i eye my eyes, i’m taking action
aye aye, i eye my eyes, i’m gaining traction
aye aye, i eye my eyes, no more distractions
i’m done relaxing, i am a chemical reaction
wretch and pule this panoramic
stretched out view is fat with panic
precognition lacks in hindsight
we caught the illness back before the twilight
i might be a saint worth steeples
i might be the brain of evil
bad things happen to good people
good things happen to me8embed

the first step lyricsyou could say i’m plastered, ‘cause i hit the wall
i lost count after 21, in the college crawl
i been a boozin’ bastard, they’re callin’ me edward forty-hands, i can’t touch anyone
with an enemy like me, who would need a friend?
never mind, i’m drunk
well we’ve had enough power since the blackout started
for an ekg for the broken hearted
i’d try to see the glass as half full
but i’d probably just a-drink that too!
glass half full, i'd probably just drink that too!
well, i’m the reason they call it an “irish goodbye”
and i hope i don’t choke on my vomit tonight
well i bet that a bottle of brandy so bitter’d be better than bitin’ the bullet and betterin’ myself, sorry if i slur
take my anxiety and my sobriety, i’ll kill two birds with one stoner
so if you see me, please take my keys, i don’t wanna be an organ donor
well we’ve had enough power since the blackout started
for an ekg for the broken hearted
i’d try to see the glass as half full
but i’d probably just a-drink that too!
glass half full, i'd probably just a-drink that too!
i’m going down and i’m taking you with me, yeah
i’m bringing the water to the horse
so bring me the hair of the dog that bit me, yeah
so i can clone it and have a little more, haha
well we’ve had enough power since the blackout started
for an ekg for the broken hearted
i’d try to see the glass as half full
even when i'm empty, half-full
i’d try to see the glass as half full
but i’d probably just, aaaaaaaaaaaaugh! (glass half full, i'd probably just a-drink that too!)
i'd probably just drink that too
99 bottles of beer on the wall, 99 bottles of beer
you take one down, pass it around
 bottles of beer on the wall
 bottles of beer on the wall, 98 bottles of beer
you take one down, pass it around
98 bottles of beer on the wall! (w!)8embed

white knuckle jerk (where do you get off?) lyrics
she’s got the eyes of a snake
loaded dice raising stakes from a cash cow
i’ll be her burn victim, hypothermic, so damn hot
come to smiling like i blacked out in glasgow
i woke up in the name that i wore last night
to the sound of an empty bed
and it’s ringing in my ears just like
sweet nothings from the voices in my head

where do you get off being so goddamn beautiful?
oh lord, don’t ask me what i mean
where do you get off being so goddamn beautiful?
oh lord
she’s got the touch of an anesthesiologist
please put me under
because i tremble with the notion that there’s something unsaid
but numb my head, i’ll mumble reticently i wonder how i
i woke up in the middle of my surgery
and i watched them botch my heart
only the second worst thing that i could’ve thought was
“this won’t have to end if it doesn’t start”
where do you get off being so goddamn beautiful?
oh lord, don’t ask me what i mean
where do you get off being so goddamn beautiful?
oh lord

i’ll never know, i’ll never know, i’ll never know
i’ll never know what it’s like, what it’s like to love you
i’ll never know, i’ll never know, i’ll never know
i’ll never know what it’s like, what it’s like to love you

where do you get off being so goddamn beautiful?
oh lord, heart bluer than my balls
where do you get off being so goddamn beautiful?
oh lord, just say that it’s on me4embed

¡aikido! (neurotic/erotic) lyricsi apologize for playing with your eyes, but i’m obsessed with you
rolling out of bed is morning in my head, ‘cause i’m obsessed with you
rose mirages into vases, i don’t stand a chance
quiet girls with wrist corsages, cordial silence, i can’t dance
holding breath by graveyards, salt over my shoulder, i’m obsessed with you
rainbow-walking cave-heart never will be bolder, i’m obsessed with you
chickenscratch rembrandts of your likeness, all this nonsense makes me think
my insides cry “try thy finest” - why, then, am i at my brink?
hm-hm-hm-hm-hm hm, hm-hm-hm-hm-hm hm, hm hm hm
hm-hm-hm-hm-hm hm, hm-hm-hm-hm-hm hm, hm hm hm
i told doctor tillis to prescribe an illness, but he said his schedule's filled with
children who need prozac, prilosec and lo-jack
triple-sec and lexapro for second-guesses, drugs that heal
so we can touch instead of feel
oh, i apologize for playing with your eyes, but i’m obsessed with you
bite your tongue and smile, stick around a while. i’m obsessed with you
neurotic erotic, neurotic erotic, neurotic erotic, neurotic erotic
i’m obsessed with you
hm-hm-hm-hm-hm hm, hm-hm-hm-hm-hm hm, hm hm hm hm2embed

lysergide daydream lyrics
ooh, i wanna be
in the picture on the postcard
pouring pitchers in the backyard by the garden we tend
ooh, i wanna be
where the crickets chirp for me
frogs that fractal at my feet by the dirt road dead end
where the matches burn like candles, no locks on the doors
we can blow the seeds of dandelions, wish for nothing more
where the sunrise comes early, but the night’s still plenty long
and the constellations mirror glistening dewdrops on the lawn
i feel the grass between my toes already
ooh, i wanna be
in a place i can call
a place to get away from it all

ooh i wanna be
in the autumn pastel landscape
an odd, attractive escape on the outskirts of town
ooh i wanna be
where it’s always apple season
underneath the dancing trees where we know up is down
where the television’s broken and the campfire’s smoking
and we’re hopeful for tomorrow cause we know we had today
we’re laughing and we’re joking with no criticism spoken
if the clouds come out and drown the town we’ll still go out and play
i feel the hands that i can hold already

ooh, i wanna be
in a place i can call
a place to get away from it all

i know the day is far away
and if it comes it will not stay
but i can’t chase the flavor from my mind
well this is my lysergide daydream
it’s not a plan, not half a scheme
to find the lake to bathe my two bare, tired, and worn out feet
no, i don't believe
there's a place i can call
a place to get away from it all
no, i don't believe
there's a place i can call
a place to get away from it3embed

self- lyrics
i'll shake the apples from my family tree
so when the autumn comes to take the leaves
we'll write history books from memories
that we shared and will forget

well, i don't remember 2012
but i heard the world would turn to hell
and compared to that, well i'm doing well
so i pray to god it really did
well, they always ask you not to leave
and i am as they remember me
so when all my friends forget my name
no, i won't come back and be the same

no, i won't come back and be the same
and i'm gonna be my self again6embed

everything is a lot lyrics
night sky, i wonder why
i am alive until i die
i find that at this size
no answer can be right
all the moments you’ve lost, all the money it cost
all the dreams that you tossed aside
all that you feel is only real
if you decide it inside

so when you’re holding on to everything but
you feel you cannot let it go
'cause everything is a lot
we are bodhisattva, we are buddha, dying, waking up
as butterflies who fall asleep as mahaprajnaparamita
we cut down our bodhi trees, burn dalai lama as a witch
from shangri-la to auschwitz, we barter, karma is a bitch
glory be satori but it's hallucinatory
and it's sure to be a story we can tell in purgatory
we saw it once on mescaline, enlightenment is boring
all your heroes reincarnated, the grateful dead is touring
lao tzu, chuang tzu, yin-yang tattoos
fuck your mystic wisdom, find your own way home from bonnaroo
it's just one more religion, fuck your visions, we've done acid too
destroy to enjoy, destroy to enjoy, destroy to enjoy, destroy to enjoy3embed

red moon lyricsred, red moon, keep on rising
the sunset soon indeed will bleed in my horizon
the crescent rests, tethered to the west
waxing to the rhythm writhing in my chest
that crack between the watercolor sky and sea is the
corner where you’re born in the mist
i might deride the tide, ‘cause i’m pulled as it pools about my feet
towards your stolen light, while you’re holding my slight gravity

well i walk the equator, chasing the light; little do i know it orbits close behind
i might remember or might assume, but i only turn around every once
in a red, red moon. i only turn around every once in a red, red, moon
red, red moon. when will your shadows break?
tell the truth; what’re you hiding behind that face?
if matter's in then i might space out
why can’t i take in what you’ve been dishing out?
why do i reject while you endlessly reflect?
you’re projecting your perfection astounds
nighttime, please hide my eyes, so the man up there won’t watch me stare
teach me to make moonshine, and we’ll get drunk on the spirits of the air

the constellations form infinite paisleys in the sky
the condensation tumbles down and erases all my sight
and is it in the nightmare map of the cosmos up high?
or is it in the signs? or stranger still, just in my eyes?
embed

(cover this song) a little bit mine lyrics
say you’re still her; the woman you were, and you haven’t turned into
someone who never could love me again
'cause you never broke my heart, no, you fixed it, and now it works
but only enough for just to suffer that hurt, woah oh oh oh

what can i say to convince you to slip back into my arms again?
i won’t do you no harm again, lemme tell you that i’m sorry and that

i’m just a little bit crazy about you
just a little bit out of my mind
just a little insane without you
please come back and be just a little bit mine
just a little bit mine
i never thought, and if i did, i forgot while blacked out in-love
that’s what’s only starting would come to an end
but now i’m hungover and hung out to dry, and i’m giving it time
does not knowing the truth turn my words into lies?

what can i say to convince you or do to make you agree with me?
i don’t need you to be with me, just try to remember what you’d see in me

i’m just a little bit crazy about you
just a little bit out of my mind
just a little insane without you
please come back and be just a little bit mine
just a little bit mine

i’ll be here singing til our heartbeats might slip back into that rhythm again
whether it is or isn’t the end, who cares? god knows that i could use a friend

i’m just a little bit crazy about you
just a little bit out of my mind
just a little insane without you
please come back and be just a little
i’m just a little bit crazy about you
just a little bit out of my mind
just a little insane without you
please come back and be just a little bit mine
​just a little bit mine1embed

jimmy mushroom’s last drink (bedtime in wayne, nj) lyricssalt on the glass, coke on the knife
is there anything left to escape but life?
i didn’t sign. i didn’t sign up for this
may today lose what yesterday won
hope that tomorrow i’ll get something done
i’m gonna run. i’m gonna run out of time
but, i’ll tell you what, i’m not afraid to die
i’m more afraid of what might happen first
either way it’s not like we’ll get out alive
i can’t say that i know which one is worse
everything’s useless, especially songs
i think the truth is that everyone’s wrong
still sing along. still sing a long, long time
i might keep looking for nothing to find
they say “keep trucking, it’s all in your mind!”
“jimmy, you’re fine,” end of the line gaining speed
wrapping trees
but, i’ll tell you what, i’m not afraid to die
i’m more afraid of what might happen first
either way it’s not like we’ll get out alive
i can’t say that i know which one is worse1embed

-ish lyrics
well if winter comes and takes my life
will it be the death i had in mind?
or will i be captured in the ice
to preserve the way i died?

well at 27 will i see
that i was born to be the man i'll be?
and if i change my self can i still stay me?
or did i just change my mind?
i am a point in time and space
and i am the truths that i create
and so where my matter takes its stand
no it doesn't matter who i am

no it doesn't matter who i am
and i'm gonna be3embed

mr. fregoli and the diathesis-stress supermodel, or: how i learned to stop worrying and love the con (an untitled track) lyrics
we need a new planet
you were a rock but i took you for granite
ain't that a shame, ain't it a sin?
we added too much baggage when our ship came in
like a laser beam
you're never what i'm seeing
i ought to better my best behavior
i can't deny i lit the fire
but the twist of fate bridge was gonna burn anyway
without you, it's no fun
it's like a total eclipse of the sun
without you it's no wonder
it's like a total eclipse of the sun
it's just that time of the season
i'm getting tongue-tiеd facing my demons
but i'm free 'cause i want you to be
but thе twist of fate bridge was gonna burn anyway
we need a new planet
you were a peach but i told you to can it
you weren't the only pig in the pen
we added too much baggage when our ship came in
untitled honours management this is max
yeah hey max its will
who?
will wood
ooh will wood. how's my favourite client?
i don't know you'd have to ask him
everyone's buzzing about your normal album willy
well that's tha- tha- tha- the thing is i noticed its not on the will wood and the tapeworms spotify profile its on- its on a will wood profile just will wood
that's cause you're a pop icon now willy!
what?
now that you got that big hit with love me normal
normally and it was hardly a hit
you should see the numbers
i have access to the analytics
your a star now kid, we've really gotta focus on your brand. who is will wood?
i am
thats right, gay icon will wood
i'm? i'm not gay? um
any day now you're gonna wake up a household name and that names gotta be marketable. pop stars don't have tapeworms
i think a lot of them do actually
my sides. listen you worry too much, did you take your medication today?
uhh max i um uh
did you?
i mean i was about to
you know what you got kid?
what
"it" you got "it." you got moxie, you got spunk
spunk?
you wanna see your name in lights?
i mean if it pays um
look, i'm in it for the music, i just love music, i'm a music fan and you're the most talented artist in my roster you know that?
no.
we just gotta make the right branding decisions, get you in the room in front of the right people
i dont care about the branding i just wanna make sure people who are listening on my old spotify can find me out on the new will wood profile
i'll take care of it kid you stick with me you know i'll take care of ya. i got an idea
what
we'll post a track to the old profile that sounds like some kinda skit but is actually obviously just an advertisement for the new will wood spotify profile
okay yeah no i like that, but it can't be subtle
of course not. we'll make it self-aware so its immune to criticism
that is why meta commentary exists
and to be safe we'll also make it criticise meta commentary so we're doubly protected
thats a great idea. and and we can blame the name change on a fictional manager so i dont have to explain all the complicated business reasons behind the change
remember, we'll only be able to get away with this if it seems like we're making some kinda artistic statement
well we can make it seem like i'm criticising post modernism and the disingenuous nature of the music industry and put some avant-garde grouning in the back
get- hold on i'm getting another call
wait what?embed

track title omitted at request of attorney (live) lyrics
"i hold myself in contempt!"

tearing the hair off a black baboon's skull
is a bitch with some four thousand names
vomiting lies through a theremin throat
as some businessmen pick at her brains
pulls back skinny lips to reveal a proboscis
seems seth brundle's at it again
tears pages from spines as she judges the heller
and shamelessly spoils the end
blood vessels drying and curling inside are
unfurling from out of her wrists, oh yes, they are
well she wrings out a snake and collects all its poison
intending on learning to hiss
foams at the mouth with a head full of acid
and giving some poor illness the blame
knocking the pieces the fuck off the chessboard
insisting that she's won the game

so all that i see absolute entropy
as the chemical bonds fall apart
well it seems she broke me
but i swear she could not break my heart
she could not break my heart, oh lord

makes up excuses for throbbing black bruises
and uses them to her advantage
never came down from her last trip on jesus
disease is her primary language
garbled and gruesome, her words so absurd
like i heard a transmission from apollo 13
no apology i request misery
so no rest till i've twisted her chest 'round my knee
so squeal like a trolley wheel, cry like a baby
with autism strapped to a ceiling fan
soil your visage with mucus and twisting
of features unable to stand
buckle your knees looking up at me
and beg me to spare thee the back of my hand
for the sake of humanity, die of your blight
we're blessed, you're barren as mojave sands

so all that i see absolute entropy
as the chemical bonds fall apart
well, it seems she broke me
but i swear she could not break my heart
so all that i see absolute entropy
as the chemical bonds fall apart
well, it seems she broke me
but i swear she can go fucking die

go fucking die (get cancer)
go fucking die (get aids and)
go fucking die (kill yourself)
kill yourself and go dieembed

10-4 6-up 5-oh cop-out pro-con (live) lyricssix-up, five-oh, pigs come, i cop n’ go
the blotter shows they got me on the rocks like galapagos
good luck finding critters creepy as me
they shoulda fried me, i’ll give ya ptsd
vodka shots droppin’ down the throat they been stompin’ on
cockin’ guns, lockin’ up, the quotas all for shock n’ awe
drivin’s tirin’, and i been hot-wirin’
to make my get away from the jailbreak riot and
cellmates scrapin’ upon the bricks in the basement
tryin’ to escape this probation generation
too late, crazy fuckers gotta do the time
committed to the mental ward, committing all the crimes
i’m alive and kickin’ till the split ends fray
maybe plead insane, guilty, but i’m not to blame
i’m a slave to the main vein, sprayin’ on the mainframe
suffering the infrastructure, hoping i can maintain
oh how i know how i go how i go
ask me a question the answer i know
yes or no options don’t weigh out and so
i don’t ever see the cons and the pros
you bare a striking resemblance
(some kind of semblance of somethin’ i been rememberin’)
you appear familiar dear
(you look just like my bathroom mirror)
please policeman, no heel-to-toe
oh please, let me go
please policeman, is it a test?
i won’t know till i’m under arrest
the drunk-tank’s blood red, junkie’s gonna relapse
some think punk’s dead, me, i don’t believe that
rock n’ roll gatherin’ the moss till i be that
lichen-coated boulder, make you slip (bust your kneecap)
open on the amazon, hide the cure for cancer
i’m lance armstrong, you’re the necromancer
slash n’ burn, crash into the 42nd answer
all my fellow skeletons adore the army ants here
flies on my eyeballs, scabs on my elbows
heaven knows god’s sittin’ up there like, (“hell no!”)
only one thing comes to those who wait
is it too late to embrace your fate?
may death come swiftly and gently to you
mayhem, cry mayday, and oncoming doom
save your convictions, they never will do
what you say’s at least 1/6 billionth true
you bare a striking resemblance
(some kind of semblance of somethin’ i been rememberin’)
you appear familiar dear
(you look just like my bathroom mirror)
please policeman, no heel-to-toe
oh please, let me go
please policeman, is it a test?
i won’t know till i’m under arrest
am i being detained?
am i under arrest?
read me my rights, please
(i want my phone call)
please policeman, no heel-to-toe
oh please, let me go
please policeman, is it a test?
i won’t know till i’m ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
please policeman, no heel-to-toe
oh please, let me go
please policeman, is it a test?
i won’t know till i’m under arrestembed

fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (live) lyricsto cut down on my silhouette
my favorite food are smoke and hearts
my leftover frets forget stiletto-self vendettas
while my cracking backbone lacks but backs up my false starts
all nightmares start as dreams
and i hear my subconscious screaming
they say that beauty’s just skin deep
so naturally, please show me your
bones, bones, bones, let me see your bones
well, i don’t wanna know if the feeling follows home
bones, bones, bones, hell, we’re all alone
if i come home, baby, will you show your bones?
lumps in throats and petticoats
your baby teeth would pray for you
a selfish book is always open
and some of the best liars only want the truth
all love starts as a scheme
so wake me up, i’m tired (of sleeping)
they say that beauty’s just skin deep
so rip it off and please show me your
bones, bones, bones, let me see your bones
well, i don’t wanna know if the feeling follows home
bones, bones, bones, hell, we’re all alone
if i come home, baby, will you show me your bones?
all nightmares start as dreams
all love starts as a scheme
give me all your lsd
so i can feel my mind unweave again
they say that beauty’s just skin deep
so ana stands and rends the rancid meat from her
bones, bones, bones, let me see your bones
well, i don’t wanna know if the feeling follows home
bones, bones, bones, hell, we’re all alone
if i come home, baby, will you show me your bones?
bones, bones, bones, i can see my bones
well, i don’t wanna know if the feeling follows home
bones, bones, bones, hell, we’re all alone
if i come home, baby, will you show yourembed

dr. sunshine lives! (r.i.p dr. emoto) (live) lyricswhen did i become afraid of the dark?
are my eyeballs just yet to adjust to seeing the light?
the room i’m in is still the same, the shadows have not rearranged it
no, the only thing that’s changed is how i see at night
i fumble for the switch and strap on infrareds and wish
for sunshine when the morning’s somewhere else
but i can’t change what time it is or dilate my irises
only what i look at, and i’m looking at myself
i am not the sunshine, i am not the moon at night
well who else could i be when i can hardly see?
i am not the sunshine, i am not the moon at night
i’m no one if i’m nowhere in between
when did i become afraid of the dark?
was it when i left the cave and swore i’d never go back?
if we can’t see each other, then there’s no more use for hiding
i’ve decided i’ll abide it, why deny the color black?
i’m not a flower, not a solar-powered calculator
damn my eyes for seeing what’s not there
i’ll trade in vision for a practiced intuition
till my fears come to fruition i’m not scared
i am not the sunshine, i am not the moon at night
well who else could i be when i can hardly see?
i am not the sunshine, i am not the moon at night
i’m no one if i’m nowhere in between
the future must know where you’ve been
the past predicts the state you’re in
the present did and will not last
is, isn’t, was, have, hasn’t, has
all that i know is keep those empty frames
if nobody’s in them, then no one is to blame
for your self-portraits, sign another name
who can i be now, if i’ll never be the same?
i will be my sunshine, i will be my moon at night
well who else could i be, when i can hardly see?
i will be my sunshine, i will be my moon at night
i’m nowhere now, there’s no one now to be
and if dreams can come true, what does that say about nightmares?
i’ll stay awake tonightembed

front street (live) lyrics"if you're not on your worst behavior, get the fuck out!"

i’m in a meat-pack plant by the gutterside
a slaughterhouse apartment with a slice of lime
i’m cruisin’ with the bruisers, boozin’, i’ll be a suitor, losing my mind
because there’s nothing to find
the fetid stench of bad intentions hangs in the sweat
i’m in a sauna hot with trauma(?), oh, tryin’ to forget
all the masochistic rapture missteps
imminent pleasure’s ready to cut to the bone
you said, “let loose,” but now you’re lost
while i tied my boots with a tightrope noose
the problem chased the taste of the cause
and the evidence supports the truth, is 80 enough proof for you?

here’s to my lady, and i’m coming inside
drink to me, baby, and what’s left of what’s right
it’s easier to use and lose than never to have used you
on a fucked up saturday night
good times on front street

loose lips sink ships, but captain, will you go down?
i said float your boat until overboard and hoping to drown
tell me what prevented you from coming downtown alone
because we know you’re not afraid
this chastity is greek to me, the meat is still fresh
the gnashing teeth will masticate the bone from the flesh
since nobody will tell me where these bastards go, i’ll see for myself
i think they might go to hell

you said, “let loose,” but now you’re lost
while i tied my boots like a tightrope noose
the problem chased the taste of the cause
and the evidence supports the truth, is 80 enough proof for you?
here’s to my lady, and i’m coming inside
drink to me, baby, and what’s left of what’s right
it’s easier to use and lose than never to have used you
on a fucked up saturday night
good times on front street
"make some fucking noise, you fucking scumbags!"
"give me some of that osmosis!"
"is this shit enough proof for you?"

here’s to my lady, and i’m coming inside
drink to me, baby, and what’s left of what’s right
it’s easier to use and lose than never to have used you
on a fucked up saturday night
"give us all osmosis! give us all that fucking osmosis! oh, yeah!"

always a good time
last call for morals, better cover your drink
sodom and gomorrah'd, let it go down the sink
"sing it with me, you fuckers!"
last call for morals, better cover your drink, oh
sodom and gomorrah'd, let it go down the sink
last call for morals, better cover your drink
sodom and gomorrah'd, let it go down the sink
last call for morals, better cover your drink
good times on front street
(i trusted you, i trusted you!
i trusted you, i trusted you!
i trusted you, i trusted you!
i trusted you, i trusted you!)embed

cotard’s solution  (live) lyrics
"this is a song written by a dead guy"
what if the wind caught up with me, started to change when i did
would i blow out like a light? or like a kite fly away?
what if the fear of darkness gave way to the fear of color?
would you live in black and white or rest your eyes through the day?
and if dreams can come true, what does that say about nightmares?
i’ll stay awake tonight

cry my name, remind my brain of my identity
i’m not gonna listen, i’m not my volition, i’m
sha na na na na na na na, free will
am i to blame for riding this train right by my destiny?
i prove i can crack, i loose from the track, ah
sha na na na na na na na, free will
rolling my third eye into the back
of my head and can’t see through the black
saw no center, saw not where it lead
it’s times like this that make me wish that
i wished that i were dead, i don’t wish i were dead
but somebody’s got to go

i wanna make my murder look like a suicide
but they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know that the body’s mine
i wanna go anonymous to identify
but they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know
they’ll all know that the body’s mine

divide by one and find i’m one less than the one i was
so how many people am i? now that i keep ‘em in my
sha na na na na na, memory, still i
check in the mirror to see how i look, i look different in different ways
ah, you do the math, ah, who’s looking back? ah
sha na na na na na na na, that's not me

carving my initials in the back
of my hand in case of losing track
i forgot, remember to forgive?
it’s times like this that make me wish that
i wished that i could live, i don’t wish i could live
but somebody’s got to stay
i wanna make my murder look like a suicide
but they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know that the body’s mine
i wanna go anonymous to identify
but they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they'll all know
oh, they’ll know it’s mine

"ladies and gentlemen, matt berger on the saxophone!"
and if dreams can come true, what does that say about nightmares?
i’ll stay awake tonight

i wanna make my murder look like a suicide
(kill me, kill me, kill me, kill me)
but they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know that the body’s mine
(kill me, kill me, kill me, kill me)
i wanna go anonymous to identify
(kill me, kill me, kill me, kill me)
but they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know, they’ll all know
(kill me, kill me)
they’ll all know that the body’s mineembed

wasting away again in bupropionville (live) lyricssalt on the glass, coke on the knife
is there anything left to escape but life?
i didn’t sign, i didn’t sign up for this
may today lose what yesterday won
hope that tomorrow i’ll get something done
i’m gonna run, i’m gonna run out of time
but i’ll tell you what, i’m not afraid to die
i’m more afraid of what might happen first
either way, it’s not like we’ll get out alive
i can’t say that i know which one is worse
everything’s useless, especially songs
i think the truth is that everyone’s wrong
still sing along, still sing a long, long time
i might keep looking for nothing to find
they say, “keep trucking, it’s all in your mind”
“jimmy, you’re fine,” end of the line, gaining speed
wrapping trees
but i’ll tell you what, i’m not afraid to die
i’m more afraid of what might happen first
either way, it’s not like we’ll get out alive
i can’t say that i know which one is worse
"take it away, matt!"
but i’ll tell you what, i’m not afraid to die
i’m more afraid of what might happen first
either way, it’s not like we’ll get out alive
i can’t say that i know which one is worseembed

where do you get off? (live) lyricsshe’s got the eyes of a snake, loaded dice, raising stakes
from a cash cow
i’ll be her burn victim, hypothermic, so damn hot
come to smiling like i blacked out in glasgow
i woke up in the name that i wore last night
to the sound of an empty bed
and it’s ringing in my ears
just like sweet nothings from the voices in my head
where do you get off being so goddamn beautiful?
oh lord, don’t ask me what i mean
where do you get off being so goddamn beautiful?
oh lord
she’s got the touch of an anesthesiologist
please put me under
because i tremble with the notion that there’s something unsaid
but numb my head i’ll mumble reticently i wonder how
i woke up in the middle of my surgery
and i watched them botch my heart
only the second worst thing that i could have thought was
“this won’t have to end if it doesn’t start”
where do you get off being so goddamn beautiful?
oh lord, don’t ask me what i mean
where do you get off being so goddamn beautiful?
oh lord
i’ll never know, i’ll never know
i’ll never know, i’ll never know what it’s like
what it’s like to love you
i’ll never know, i’ll never know
i’ll never know, i’ll never know what it’s like
what it’s like to fuck you
where do you get off being so goddamn beautiful?
oh lord, heart bluer than my balls
where do you get off being so goddamn beautiful?
oh lord, just say that it’s on meembed

mr. capgras (live) lyrics
you’re trying to replace yourself, you’re trying to replace yourself
you’re trying to replace yourself, you’re trying to replace yourself
you’re trying to replace yourself, you’re trying to replace yourself
you’re trying to replace yourself, you’re (trying to replace yourself)

carving out a fact from a reckoning
beckoning you back, skin sagging of its skeleton
levitating off the ground
is another man wearing your face
all the other false identities
remedies or enemies to mitigate your memories
shuddered at what they found
when they stripped away the grace
eulogy or biography
i’m who i oughta be, and that is god to me (never, never, never)
so, my god, what’s wrong with me?
if who i wanna be might be
never, never, never
never, never, never
never, never, never
no, never

you’ll never take me alive, baby, you’ll never take me alive
you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, you better pray that i die
you’ll never take me alive, baby, you’ll never take me alive
you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, and no, you’re never gon’ find
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself

damn, i thought you’re not your impostor
you’re so sure you’re not gonna get caught
dead in your own skin
but you didn’t choose what you were born in
and another man in your repertoire
ready in your head and fed upon your memoirs
still the same rules apply
from the birthday to the mourning
what you feel and what you do
are those things really you? and if not, then what is? (never, never, never)
so, my god, what’s wrong with you?
and i’m still asking who that is
never, never, never
never, never, never
never, never, never
no, never

you’ll never take me alive, baby, you’ll never take me alive
you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, you better pray that i die
you’ll never take me alive, baby, you’ll never take me alive
you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, and no, you’re never gon’ find
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself

"fucking hurt each other! come on!"

you’ll never take me alive, baby, you’ll never take me alive
(this is not enough, this is not enough to prove it yet)
you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, you better pray that i die
(no, i need to hit the bottom)
you’ll never take me alive, baby, you’ll never take me alive
(this is not enough, this is not enough to prove it yet)
you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, you’ll never take me, whoa
(no, i need to hit the bottom)
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourself
somebody to replace yourself, somebody to replace yourselfembed

hand me my  i’m ! (live) lyrics
my heart was stolen by a blind pickpocket in the
deep city streets in the summer of 2012
and i never even saw her face
my dreams were shattered like a stained glass window
jesus in pieces, i believe i threw a brick right through him
but my memory could not be saved

it just seems unlikely that it’s me who was to blame
so i bookmark my dsm ‘cause i need to remember my place
this is not enough, this is not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom
this is not enough, this is not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
take you with me

my soul was crushed like a tall boy underneath the
boots on the curb, and i’m still picking up my molars
and putting them back in my face
my name was soiled by a last call spill with a
backwash swill and the blackout killed me
sober on impact from a fall from grace

take the road on higher ground and tell me, “don’t look down
you’ll fall and break your back”
but that just reminds me how there’s more to be found
beneath the black

this is not enough, this is not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom
this is not enough, this is not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
take you with me
bottle, well, or barrel? all are empty
dug, or drank, or poured it out
when too much is not enough
there’s plenty more where that came from around
looking up we see the point of entry
between where we are and we’ve been
looking down, i could say heaven sent me
hand me my shovel, i’m going in
looking up we see the point of entry
between where we are and we’ve been
looking down, i could say heaven sent me
hand me my shovel, i’m going in
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
if it it kills me
gotta, gotta get, gotta, gotta get, gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta, gotta get, gotta, gotta get, gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta, gotta get, gotta, gotta get, gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
gotta get to the bottom of this
this is not enough, this is not enough, not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom
this is not enough, this is not enough, not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom
"take it away, creeps"

this is not enough, this is not enough, not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottom
this is not enough, this is not enough, not enough to prove it yet
no, i need to hit the bottomembed

bob zmuda v. james carrey (live) lyrics(i trusted you)
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
i trusted you
uh!embed

another song about how bad i am at life lyricsmy parents paid for college and i wonder why
to have me be a comic flipping burgers on the side
you can't have an apartment making 8.75
let alone car insurance after two dwis
i don't think i can write enough songs to stay alive
i would turn to prostitution, but i don't think i'd get by
my brain's so fried i don't think i could pass a drug test
and if my daddy weren't a lawyer, i'd probably be in jail by now (it also helps to be white)
throw your hands in the air on my emotional roller coaster
every-bo-body do the mood swing
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i’ll never amount to nothin'
my therapist said focus on the now and here
so i savor all the flavor when i puh-pound a beer
i get heart palpitations and puh-panic attacks
but i don't think i could trust myself around xanax
my therapist said i should take my meds
but that's exactly what the government wants me to do
i switch banks every time i overdraw my checking account
i'm at a point where 100 dollars could change my life (if i didn't spend it on cigarettes)
you'll drag bodies from my emotional wreckage, baby
what's the puh-puh-point of trying?

i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to nothin'
in first grade they tell you you could be the president
but i can't even get people to follow me on twitter
i drink and i smoke, and i never use a rubber
and also i play the lottery
raised in suburbia to die in the streets
but my parents still say that they're puh-proud of me
i'll be a sewer of emotionally-draining shit
and it'll take more than a manhole to shut me up (haha, manhole)
you'll lose your luggage at my emotional baggage claim
you'll lose your luggage at my emotional baggage claim
poster boy of eugenics

i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to nothin'
anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to anything
i'll never amount to nothin'embed

chemical overreaction (live) lyrics"we're comin’ up, you guys"
nettles on my saddle and a badge on my vest
better bet i’ll never settle, and i never could rest
till the sunrise dies and sets in the west
(a rattlesnake bite and a bullet in my chest)
i won’t stop to drop to draw a line in the sand
‘cause i’ll be picked apart to pieces by coyotes
i’m a lizard in the hand of the medicine man
who is the wizard of the land on wild peyote
woah
aye aye, i eye my eyes, i’m taking action
aye aye, i eye my eyes, i’m gaining traction
aye aye, i eye my eyes, no more distractions
i’m done relaxing (i am a chemical reaction)
bienvenidos a la villa de arañas españas
where the sentimental value of the city around you
is deleted obsolete and still completely will stun you
i’m tripping like a klutz, and i’m rolling like thunder
i’m a snot nosed pothead playing with matches
a rotten spot of mold with my hands on a cactus
my mouth is dry, and my eyes are red
i’m chewing on sand ‘cause the desert’s in my head
aye aye, i eye my eyes, i’m taking action
aye aye, i eye my eyes, i’m gaining traction
aye aye, i eye my eyes, no more distractions
i’m done relaxing, i am a chemical reaction
"can we drop this shit?
i wanna see you at each other's throats, man
make some fucking noise
one, two, three"
wretch and pule this panoramic
stretched out view is fat with panic
precognition lacks in hindsight
we caught the illness back before the twilight
i might be a saint worth steeples
i might be the brain of evil
bad things happen to good people
good things happen to meembed

black box warrant (bonus)  lyricsyes, jon?
ladies and gentlemen, jonathan maisto!
big round of applause for this guy for putting up with my shit for so many years!
(nice shirt, jon! thanks! you're welcome!)
working a little bit better now buddy?

well, he collapsed with stevens-johnson syndrome on the e.r. floor
anaphylaxis with a pack of bottle rockets
oh, the way he spun his butterfly risked all six his phalanges
with a bag of tangerines in his back pockets
and the method with which he recycled his vitamins
had started to leave scars in the corners of his eyеs
and looked through the white-out rеvelation
chain he saw no stars even underneath the wide ohio skies
shields himself from reason in a teflon alabaster jacket
quilted from the finest fibers, flesh, and fiberglass, and flowers
screams his thoughts to hear them
with selfist and sarcastic racket rabble rousing babble round the table people to the power

for what? for what? for what it’s worth
if it was going to kill you, boy, it would have by now
for what? for what? for what it’s worth
there’s no more looking back, it’s looking up or looking down

well, he was uh, well he was uh.. he was uh..
he- he was- he was- he was carrying this briefcase filled with teeth  that he had ordered online from china
and he had slung over his shoulder
the skin of a cat that he grew up with
and then had uh stuffed to preserve it's memory in physical form
but decided that with the skeleton inside the cat and all the stuff- stuffing it- it was too heavy so he removed the skin from the wire frame of the taxidermy thing and he- he slung around his neck like a scarf and um.. he was

wearing stolen rubber shoes and wrapped a poison ivy noose
around his lotus jugular when they came
well they found him with a map to every victim of his love
and a tattoo of a blue jay on his face
and they waited for his vital signs to lie and let a flat line cry
a hymn out in hungarian harmonic
but he cocked his noggin, through his stoma sang, “for auld lang syne
happy birthday to the succulents, i’ll die your hydroponics”
his rib cage was a hornet’s nest, palpitations set the beat
his vagus nerve a turk’s head knot, an axel hitch, a carrick bend
he wondered if the good lord jesus charged a cancellation fee
auf wiedersehn, au revoir, he gripped his wits right by their ends

for what? for what? for what it’s worth
if it was going to kill you, boy, it would have by now
for what? for what? for what it’s worth
there’s no more looking back, it’s looking up or looking down

you settle into a new mind
in a philippine tub ring paradise of a queen size suite of a window micro telecon a lodge red roof in nights in super eight whatever else outside richmond virginia
i curled up an old showtime softcore porno and flipped through my phone for a few hours
picked up a bag of swedish fish and a fistful of chocolate covered cherries and a pack of marlboro next for three dollars and ninety cents the bodega by the waffle house
i spun my eyes over the beautiful floral arrangements blooming and tessellating in the stucco on the walls anything i figured to keep my mind off those goosebumps that were rising and squeaking and cracking and quacking and threatening anaphylaxis and asphyxiation with every sharp inhale that i took with the thread of stevens-johnson syndrome behind my flesh and i watched as my skin crawled upwards to form a flesh noose to hang me from the rafters of that place i had found myself in and i watched as my epidermis took on the shape of whatever i feared the most in that moment and i sat there down in that fly trap ashtray contemplating my next move and weighing out the pros and cons of every last rotten pulse!
it was either wilmington north carolina or the nearest hospital!

for what? for what? for what it’s worth
if it was going to kill you, boy, it would have by now
for what? for what? for what it’s worth
there’s no more looking back
no, no there’s no more looking back
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
ah! ah!
for what? for what? for what it’s worth
if they were gonna kill you, boy, they would have by now
for what? for what? for what it’s worth
there’s no more looking back
no, no there’s no more looking back
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
it's looking up or looking down!embed

red moon (live) lyricsred, red moon, keep on rising
the sunset soon indeed will bleed in my horizon
the crescent rests, tethered to the west
waxing to the rhythm writhing in my chest
that crack between the watercolor sky and sea is the
corner where you're born in the mist
i might deride the tide
‘cause i’m pulled as it pools about my feet
towards your stolen light
while i'm holding your slight gravity
well i walk the equator, chasing the light
little do i know it orbits close behind
i might remember or might assume
but i only turn around every once in a red, red moon
i said, i only turn around every once in a red, red moon
red, red moon, when will your shadows break?
tell the truth, what're you hiding behind that face?
if matter’s in, then i might space out
why can't i take in what you've been putting out?
why do i reject while you endlessly reflect?
you're projecting your perfection astounds
nighttime, please hide my eyes
so the man up there won't watch me stare
teach me to make moonshine
and we'll get drunk on the spirits of the air
well i walk the equator, chasing the light
little do i know it orbits close behind
i might remember or might assume
but i only turn around every once in a red, red moon
i said, i only turn around every once in a red, red moon
the constellations form infinite paisleys in the sky
the condensation tumbles down and erases my sight
and is it in the nightmare map of the cosmos up high?
or is it in the signs? or stranger still, just in my mind?
well i walk the equator, chasing the light
little do i know it orbits close behind
i might remember or might assume
but i only turn around every once
i said i walk the equator, chasing the light
little do i know it orbits close behind
i might remember or might assume
but i only turn around every once in a red, red moon
i said, i only turn around every once in la luna roja
i said, i only turn around every once in a red, red moonembed

aikido (live) lyricsi apologize for playing with your eyes
but i’m obsessed with you
rolling out of bed is morning in my head
‘cause i’m obsessed with you
rose mirages into vases
i don’t stand a chance
quiet girls with wrist corsages
cordial silence, i can’t dance
holding breath by graveyards, salt over my shoulder
i’m obsessed with you
rainbow-walking cave-heart never will be bolder
i’m obsessed with you
chickenscratch rembrandts of your likeness
all this nonsense makes me think
my insides cry, “try thy finest”
why, then, am i at my brink?
i told doctor tillis to prescribe an illness
but he said his schedules filled with
children who need prozac, prilosec and lo-jack
triple-sec and lexapro for second-guesses
drugs that heal
so we can touch instead of feel
oh, i apologize for playing with your eyes
but i’m obsessed with you
bite your tongue and smile, stick around a while
i’m obsessed with you
neurotic erotic, neurotic erotic
neurotic erotic, neurotic erotic
i’m obsessed with youembed

2012 (live) lyrics"here's a song"
("fuck!")
i was an existential criminal, so innocently cynical
ignorant as fuck, but a proud individual
originally meant to live a god-damned miracle
might’ve been metaphysical, but i think it was medical
testing my hypothesis, never finding a theory
emulating animals and mental aboriginals
a miserable fuck, but a loud tao mystical
an enemy of ritual traditionally integral to
biblical originals, but literally pitiful
too impatient for outpatient, paging dr. leary
did you lose yourself? it’s always in the last place that you’d check
i might find myself by retracing my steps
i don’t remember how i forgot myself
i don’t remember, i don’t remember 2012
i don’t remember how i forgot myself
i don’t remember, i don’t remember 2012
i don’t remember 2012. i don’t remember
oh, the whole year’s a blur
i think i bought into the comedy and brought a lot of oddity
an odyssey i thought to be consider a commodity
and not until anomaly abolished my monotony
did i applaud autonomy and modify a lot of me?
i’ll escape this reality, be the next houdini
so i glory be satori but it’s hallucinatory
and it’s sure to be a story i can tell in purgatory
i said, once i’ve lost it can there be a
mahaprajnaparamita?
did you lose yourself? it’s always in the last place that you’d check
i might find myself (by retracing my steps)
by retracing my steps
i don’t remember how i forgot myself
i don’t remember, i don’t remember 2012
i don’t remember how i forgot myself
i don’t remember, i don’t remember 2012
i heard the world would turn to hell
compared to that, i’m doing well
i don’t remember how i forgot myself
i don’t remember, i don’t remember 2012
i don’t remember how i forgot myself
i don’t remember, i don’t remember 2012
i don’t remember 2012, i don’t remember 2012embed

self- (live) lyrics
i'll shake the apples from my family tree
so when the autumn comes to take the leaves
we'll write history books from memories
that we shared and will forget

well, i don't remember 2012
but i heard the world would turn to hell
and compared to that, well, i'm doing well
so i pray to god it really did
well, they always ask you not to leave
and i am as they remember me
so when all my friends forget my name
no, i won't come back and be the same
no, i won't come back and be the same
and i'm gonna be my self againembed

the first step (live) lyricsyou could say i’m plastered
‘cause i hit the wall
i lost count after 21
in the college crawl
i been a boozin’ bastard
they’re callin’ me edward forty-hands, i can’t touch anyone
with an enemy like me, who would need a friend?
nevermind i’m drunk
well we’ve had enough power since the blackout started
for an ekg for the brokenhearted
i’d try to see the glass as half full
but i’d probably just drink that too
glass half full, i’d probably just drink that too
i’d probably just drink that too
i’m the reason they call it an “irish goodbye”
and i hope i don’t choke on my vomit tonight
well i bet that a bottle of brandy so bitter’d be better than bitin’ the bullet
and betterin’ myself, sorry if i slur
take my anxiety and my sobriety
i’ll kill two birds with one stoner
so if you see me please, take my keys
i don’t wanna be an organ donor
well we’ve had enough power since the blackout started
for an ekg for the brokenhearted
i’d try to see the glass as half full
but i’d probably just drink that too
glass half full, i’d probably just drink that too
i’d probably just drink that too
i’m going down and i’m taking you with me
i’m bringing the water to the horse
bring me the hair of the dog that bit me
so i can clone it and have a little more
well we’ve had enough power since the blackout started
for an ekg for the brokenhearted
i’d try to see the glass as half full
even when i'm empty, half full
i’d try to see the glass as half full
but i’d probably just
glass half full, i’d probably just drink that too
i’d probably just drink that tooembed

millie rolls a 7 (bonus)  lyrics
pink lemonade on autumn bomber coats
peter pan collars, but my daughter’s growing up
she’s gonna be a lot like me
but i don’t wanna be at all like me
oh, yellow buzz-cuts, pulling out stingers
you’re telling me i’m holding up eleven fingers
and stranger things than death can happen
to lab rat girls and pretty white rabbits

but everybody knows that, nobody knows that
everybody’s in on everybody’s business
this isn’t my first christmas
i know mistletoe when i see it
baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
and when we find out what’s wrong with me
could you tell me how i’m right for you?
baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
and when we find out what’s wrong with me
could you tell me how, could you tell me how and if i’m still pretty?

cigarette burns, laugh lines, wide dimples
if they could see the future back when times were simple
would they kiss your cheek or yank the bandage off
let you speak or take advantage of how
if everyone’s sick, well then, nobody can catch it
and if everybody’s different, then nobody can match
and we’re looking through the pockets of the hand-me-downs we laid out
wondering if we’ll fit into the yesterdays we played out

everybody knows that, nobody knows that
everybody’s all up in my god damn business
this isn’t my first kiss, its better to be lost than loved, now, isn’t it?

baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
and when we find out what’s wrong with me
could you tell me how i’m right for you?
baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
and when we find out what’s wrong with me
could you tell me how, could you tell me how and if i’m still pretty?
walking bikes home with a scraped-knee, sunset smudged across your brow
warmer tears than you’ve grown used to since then
a toast to the nosebleed seats and the big dream sequence where you’re found
guilty of your innocence and gently sent right back to bed
everybody knows that, nobody knows that
everybody’s all up in my motherfucking business
this isn’t my first anything
this isn’t my first anything
everybody knows that, nobody knows that
everybody’s in on everybody’s business
this isn’t my first lyric
i know exactly how i should finish it

baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
and when we find out what’s wrong with me
could you tell me how i’m right for you?
baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
and when we find out what’s wrong with me
could you tell me how, could you tell me how, could you tell me

baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
and when we find out what’s wrong with me
could you tell me how i’m right for you?
baby, could you play along with me?
baby, would that be alright with you?
and when we find out what’s wrong with me
could you tell me how, could you tell me, could you tell me how?embed

mike (live) lyricsas i was
oozing my way back up the runway towards the keyboard so i could introduce the next song to you people
trying to find some poetic and meaningful and personal and open book sort of way to introduce it to you folks..
mike was kind enough to lean in and whisper in my ear "i think i'm going to throw up"
that’s not true
that's not true
which is a perfect, perfect, perfect introduction to this next songembed

-ish (live) lyricswell if winter comes and takes my life
will it be the death i had in mind?
or will i be captured in the ice
to preserve the way i died?
well, at 27, will i see?
that i was born to be the man i'll be
and if i change my self, can i still stay me?
or did i just change my mind?
i am a point in time and space
and i am the truths that i create
and so where my matter takes its stand
no, it doesn't matter who i am
no, it doesn't matter who i am
and i'm gonna be (myself again)embed

front street (live at the haus 2016) lyrics
there is a dark, dank, dismal, disgusting place
deep down within the black and bitter heart of binghamton, new york
an awful hole in the ground, hole in the wall, need it like a hole in the head
a nasty little fucker of a joint
you wanna get yourself a little bit of k2, a little bit of that old spice, a little bit of that synth
you're gonna wanna take a few steps down court street, make a left at the traffic signal
it’s a one way street, but not in a classic sense, no, not in a literal sense
metaphors, bro
but there's a nasty little place or seriеs of places adjoined, a cluster
a clustеrfuck
cement, concrete, graffiti scrawled on the walls
and the furniture stuffed in the closet for long enough to make our ends meet
if you catch my drift
a nasty little place in town called front street
i'm in a meat-pack plant by the gutterside
a slaughterhouse apartment with a slice of lime
i’m cruisin' with the bruisers, boozin', i'll be a suitor, losing my mind
because there's nothing to find
the fetid stench of bad intentions hangs in the sweat
i'm in a sauna hot with drama, and i'm tryin' to forget
all the masochistic rapture missteps
imminent pleasure’s ready to cut to the bone

you said, “let loose,” but now you’re lost
while i tied my boots like a tightrope noose
the problem chased the taste of the cause
and the evidence supports the truth, is 80 enough proof for you?

here's to my lady, and i’m coming inside
drink to me, baby, and what's left of what's right
it's easier to use and lose than never to have used you
on a fucked up saturday night
good times on front street
on front street

loose lips sink ships, but captain, will you go down?
float your boat and overboard and hoping to drown
tell me what prevented you from coming downtown all alone
because we know you’re not afraid
the chastity is greek to me, the meat is still fresh
the gnashing teeth will masticate the bones from the flesh
since nobody will tell me where these bastards go, i'll see for myself
i think they might go to hell
you said, “let loose,” but now you're lost
while i tied my boots like a tightrope noose
the problem chased the taste of the cause
while the evidence supports the truth, is 80 enough proof for you?

here's to my lady, and i'm coming inside
drink to me, baby, and what's left of what's right
it's easier to use and lose than never to have used you
on a fucked up saturday night
good times on front street
on front street

"take it away, you fucking scumbags!"
is 80 enough proof for you?

here's to my lady, and i'm coming inside
drink to me, baby, and what's left of what's right
it's easier to use and lose than never to have used you
on a fucked up saturday night

always a good time on front street
last call for morals, better cover your drink
sodom and gomorrah'd, let it go down the sink
last call for morals, better cover your drink
sodom and gomorrah'd, let it go down the sink
last call for morals, better cover your drink
sodom and gomorrah'd, let it go down the sink
last call for morals, better go one more time
sodom and gomorrah'd, let it go down the sink
last call for morals, better cover your drink
sodom and gomorrah'd, let it go down the sink
last call for morals, better cover your drink
good times on front streetembed

love me normally (bonus)  lyrics
in lipstick on the mirror are the lyrics to my obituary
in iambic pentameter, follow parameter
crossing my is, dot my ts

i was delivered holding scissors
i live deliberately, i'm a quitter
and a winner, anyway, 'cause i never agreed to participate in this game
won't follow my dreams 'cause they all got me waking up screaming
i can let them go free
after all, there's no i in team
and i'd rather be normal, yeah, so normal
i suggest that we keep this informal
'cause a normal human being wouldn't need
to pretend to be normal, to be normal
well, i bet that's the least that i owe you
to be normal in a way i couldn't be, yeah
come on, come on and love me normally

if i could live in third person
well, i don't think life would be much worse than it is
in the current tense, presently, listen consenting
with question marks or dot dot dot...

is it courageous or escapist to leave the quarantine when you're contagious?
it may just be a cold
and besides, i don't want to get old, yeah
i drank myself to death to be the afterlife of the party
when the after-party came, i was rolling in my grave!

and i'd rather be normal, yeah, so normal
i suggest that we keep this informal
'cause a normal human being wouldn't need
to pretend to be normal, to be normal
well, i bet that's the least that i owe you
to be normal in a way i couldn't be, yeah
come on, come on and love me normally
now this is the part of the song where i like to talk to my audience
i like to tell 'em there's something i want from you guys tonight
i want you to look to your left, look to your right
your 12 o'clock, three o'clock, six o'clock, uh rock- clock around woc- walk around the clock fuckin' tonight
i want you to find, in that dark space. or that green space, that purple space, whatever the fuck jimmy's doing right now.. oh orange, okay
i want you to find those event horizons, those black wholes
those points of no return..
those deep, deep wells of inky blackness in the beautiful pupils of the beautiful iris of the beautiful
boy, girl, neither, both, or in-between that you brought with you tonight
and i want you to tell 'em how you really feel
i want you to tell 'em that you love the way, you just love the way they so seamlessly, like a dreamfully
blend into their goddamn surroundings like some kind of groovy ass chameleon, you know the fuck i'm talking about!
i want you to tell to them you love the way that they don't stick out like the sore goddamn thumb that you know that they would if they didn't hear the rules and regulations the society that raised them bred them to follow. i want you to tell them that you love the way they're not maladaptive
not malcontent, not malignant or maleficent, i want you to tell em' that you love em', you really love em'
exactly the way that everybody else is!

i was nothing before, so i couldn't have asked to be born
i'll be nothing again, so what am i between now and then?
is there nothing to fear?
'cause shit's getting weird
so to god, who made this man:
you better have one hell of a plan!

'cause i'd rather be normal, yeah, so normal
i suggest that we keep this informal
'cause a normal human being wouldn't need, no
to pretend to be normal, to be normal
well, i bet that's the least that i owe you
to be normal in a way i couldn't be, yeah
so come on, come on, yeah, i said come on, yeah
come on, come on, yeah, i said come on, yeah!
come on, come on and love me normally, woah, yeah, whoa yeah, yeah whoa!
come on, come on and love me normallyembed

your body, my temple lyrics
amen! i am only a man, howling at your face in the moon
hot damn! but no holy man, kneeling in the stained-glass tomb
as all hell breaks loose, as all hells always do, aw what the hell can i do to have a little more heaven with you?
hot damn, you are a part of my plan, cataclysmic catechism catch 22

your body, my temple, baby. your body, my temple

so when the cattle fall dead and the waters run red, i'll be your lamb's blood on the wall
god isn't dead, but that's exactly what i've been dreading, after all the meek inherited fuck all
jesus christ, i will die for my own damn sins, if you help thosе who help themselvеs
my superstitions, your visage, my visions. furtherin' the fever of your fervor, for believing. i will
your body, my temple, baby. your body, my temple

i'll be your blessing in disguise, whip the mask off my good side
i'm all stripped down naked for you but still asking you to loosen up my buttons, baby
you got my whole world in your hands, got that little blue spot, and you really ain't got no idea how much this thing orbits you, now, do you honey?
please relieve me of my dreaming, i'm kneeling, begging, pleading, for my savory-sweet release of death
oh, i wanna die, i wanna die, i wanna die, i wanna die, i wanna die, i wanna die, so i can taste your name on my final breath

your body, my temple, baby. your body, my temple

am i supposed to call this flagellation?
trade confessions for questions, just us second guessing, i guess, now am i
missing the message? its essence goes over my head
like a halo. like a halo
like a halo

the wine in my veins fermenting my brain
my body, my bread, they're all gonna rise again
so be my golden calf life a fresh cut of veal
after all we're both dead meat
my forbidden honeydew, honey do you need a hot meal?
just save me half. yeah, i could eat
your body, my temple, baby. your body, my temple, baby
your body, my temple, baby. your body, my temple, baby1embed

skeleton appreciation day in vestal, ny (live in studio) lyrics
to cut down on my silhouette
my favorite foods are smoke and hearts
my leftover frets forget stiletto-self vendettas
while my cracking backbone lacks but backs up my false starts
all nightmares start as dreams
and i hear my subconscious screaming
they say that beauty’s just skin deep
so naturally, please show me your

bones, bones, bones, let me see your bones
well, i don’t wanna know if the feeling follows home
bones, bones, bones, hell, we’re all alone
if i come home, baby, will you show your bones?
​
lumps in throats and petticoats
your baby teeth would pray for you
a selfish book is always open
and some of the best liars only want the truth
all love starts as a scheme
so wake me up, i’m tired of sleeping
they say that beauty’s just skin deep
so obviously please show me your
bones, bones, bones, let me see your bones
well, i don’t wanna know if the feeling follows home
bones, bones, bones, hell, we’re all alone
if i come home, baby, will you show your bones?

all nightmares start as dreams, all love starts as a scheme
give me all your lsd so i can feel my mind unweave again
they say that beauty’s just skin deep
so ana stands and rends the rancid meat from her

bones, bones, bones, let me see your bones
well, i don’t wanna know if the feeling follows home
bones, bones, bones, hell, we’re all alone
if i come home, baby, will you me show your...
bones, bones, bones, i can see my bones
well i don’t wanna know if the feeling follows home
bones, bones, bones, hell, we’re all alone
if i come home, baby, will you show me your-
ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
ooh ooh ooh ooh
ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
da-da-da-da-da-da-da da da daembed

6up 5oh cop out (live in studio) lyricsah-ah
one two three four!
ahh!

six-up, five-oh, pigs come, i cop n’ go
the blotter shows they got me on the rocks like galapagos
good luck finding critters creepy as me
they shoulda fried me, i’ll give ya ptsd
vodka shots droppin’ down the throat they been stompin’ on
cockin’ guns, lockin’ up, the quotas all for shock n’ awe
drivin’s tirin’, and i been hot-wirin’
to make my get away from the jailbreak riot and
cellmates scrapin’ upon the bricks in the basement
tryin’ to escape this probation generation
too late, crazy fucker’s gotta do the time
committed to the mental ward, committing all the crimes
i’m alive and kickin’ till thе split ends fray
maybe plead insanе, guilty, but i’m not to blame
i’m a slave to the main vein, sprayin’ on the mainframe
suffering the infrastructure, hoping i can maintain

oh, how i know, how i go, how i go
ask me a question, oh the answer i know
yes or no, options don’t weigh out, and so
i don’t ever see the cons and the pros

you bear a striking resemblance
(some kind of semblance of somethin’ i been rememberin’)
you appear familiar, dear
(you look just like my bathroom mirror)
please, policeman, no heel-to-toe
oh please, let me go
please, policeman, is it a test?
i won’t know till i’m under arrest, oh!

the drunk-tank’s blood red, junkie’s gonna relapse
some think punk’s dead, me, i don’t believe that
rock n’ roll gatherin’ the moss till i be that
lichen-coated boulder, make you slip, bust your kneecap
open on the amazon, hide the cure for cancer
i’m lance armstrong, you’re the necromancer
slash n’ burn, crash into the 42nd answer
all my fellow skeletons adore the army ants here
flies on my eyeballs, scabs on my elbows
heaven knows god’s sittin’ up there like, “hell no!”
only one thing comes to those who wait
it's never too late to embrace your fate!

may death come swiftly and gently to you
mayhem, cry mayday, and oncoming doom
save your convictions, they never will do
what you say’s at least 1/6 billionth true

you bare a striking resemblance
(some kind of semblance of somethin’ i been rememberin’)
you appear familiar, dear
(you look just like my bathroom mirror)
please, policeman, no heel-to-toe
oh please, let me go
please, policeman, is it a test?
i won’t know till i’m under arrest, ah!
take it away, mike!

oo-ha-oo-ha-oo-ha-oo-ha!
oo-ha-oo-ha-oo-ha-oo-ha!
am i being detained?
am i under arrest?
read me my rights, please
i want my phone call
please policeman, no heel-to-toe
oh please, let me go
please policeman, is it a test?
i won’t know till i’m ba-ba-ba-ba-ba

please, policeman, no heel-to-toe
oh please, let me go
please, policeman, is it a test?
i won’t know till i’m under arrestembed

jimmy mushrooms’s last drink (live in studio) lyrics
salt on the glass, coke on the knife
is there anything left to escape but life?
i didn’t sign. i didn’t sign up for this
may today lose what yesterday won
hope that tomorrow i’ll get something done
i’m gonna run. i’m gonna run out of time

but, i’ll tell you what, i’m not afraid to die
i’m more afraid of what might happen first
either way it’s not like we’ll get out alive
i can’t say that i know which one is worse
everything’s useless, especially songs
i think the truth is that everyone’s wrong
still sing along. still sing a long, long time
i might keep looking for nothing to find
they say “keep trucking, it’s all in your mind!”
“jimmy, you’re fine,” end of the line gaining speed
wrapping trees

but, i’ll tell you what, i’m not afraid to die
i’m more afraid of what might happen first
either way it’s not like we’ll get out alive
i can’t say that i know which one is worse
but, i’ll tell you what, i’m not afraid to die
i’m more afraid of what might happen first
either way it’s not like we’ll get out alive
i can’t say that i know which one is worseembed

red moon (live in studio) lyrics
red, red moon, keep on rising
the sunset soon indeed will bleed in my horizon
the crescent rests, tethered to the west
waxing to the rhythm writhing in my chest
that crack between the watercolor sky and sea is the
corner where you’re born in the mist
i might deride the tide, ‘cause i’m pulled as it pools about my feet
towards your stolen light, while i'm holding your slight gravity!

well i walk the equator, chasing the light; little do i know it orbits close behind
i might remembеr or i might assume, but i only turn around every oncе
in a red, red moon. i said i only turn around every once in a red, red, moon
red, red moon. when will your shadows break?
tell the truth; what’re you hiding behind that face?
if matter's in then i might space out
why can’t i take in what you’ve been dishing out?
why do i reject while you endlessly reflect?
you’re projecting your perfection astounds
i, oh i hope they don't watch me stare
teach me to make moonshine, and we’ll get drunk on the spirits of the air

well i walk the equator, chasing the light; little do i know it orbits close behind
i might remember or i might assume, but i only turn around every once
in a red, red moon. i said i only turn around every once in a red, red, moon

the constellations form infinite paisleys in the sky
the condensation tumbles down and erases all my sight
and is it in the nightmare map of the cosmos up high?
or is it in the signs? or stranger still, just in my eyes?

well i walk the equator, chasing the light; little do i know it orbits close behind
i might remember or i might assume, but i only turn around every once, i said i walk the equator, chasing the light; little do i know it orbits close behind
i might remember or i might assume, but i only turn around every once in a red, red, moon, i said
i only turn around every once-
i said i only turn around every once in a red, red moon!embed